The birth flower is typically listed as either the Daisy or the Sweet Pea .
This month was first called Sextilis in Latin . 
January or February were added to the start of the year by King Numa Pompilius . 
Two months were moved from the end to the beginning of the year by the decemvirs . 
Sculptures , cave paintings , rock paintings , and petroglyphs from the Upper Paleolithic dating to roughly 40000 years ago have been found . 
In India and Tibet , painted sculptures , dance , and religious painting were done . 
Chinese styles are traditionally named after the ruling dynasty . 
Spain is divided into 17 autonomous communities . 
New plants were created with genetic engineering . 
In 1973 , Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature . 
This is known as the geocentric model of the Universe .
Stars were proven to be similar to the Earth 's own Sun . 
A stream of charged particles is constantly being sent off from the Sun . 
Three other asteroids were discovered over the next few years . 
Other asteroids were found later . 
It is bordered by Iran in the west . 
The population of Afghanistan is divided into a wide variety of ethnic groups . 
Argentina is located between the Andes mountain range in the west and the southern Atlantic Ocean in the east and south . 
It is bordered by Paraguay and Bolivia in the north , Brazil and Uruguay in the northeast , and Chile in the west and south . 
The name of Argentina is derived from the Latin argentum . 
The vertebrates are divided into 5 groups . 
The most common variant of German Blutwurst is made from pork rind , pork blood , and regionally different fillers such as barley . 
It is usually served warm . 
Variations made from pork and beef mixtures can now be found . 
The center of Beijing was settled in the 1st millennium BC . 
The seeds are embedded in the common flesh of the ovary . 
It is bordered on the north by Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French overseas department of French Guiana . 
The `` castle clock '' is considered to be the earliest programmable analog computer . 
The length of day and night could be re-programmed every day .
The analytical engine should not be confused with Babbage 's difference engine . 
Large-scale automatic data processing of punched cards was performed for the U.S. Census in 1890 by tabulating machines . 
A succession of steadily more powerful and flexible computing devices were constructed in the 1930s and 1940s . 
Vacuum tube electronics were largely replaced in the 1960s by transistor-based electronics . 
These elements were used by Hippocrates to describe the human body . 
The elements are linked to the four humours . 
The text of Wikipedia is copyrighted by Wikipedia editors and contributors . 
It also can be used as a partial replacement for ground beef or pork . 
In the US , the word city is often used for towns that are not very big . 
This process of working out a slope using limits is called differentiation . 
They are often described as `` dirty snowballs '' . 
The different colors of cheese are made by adding annatto . 
Cheeses are eaten both on their own and cooked in various dishes . 
Most widely available vegetarian cheeses are made using rennet . 
However , others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family . 
In German all nouns are capitalized . 
The method was invented by Reginald John Garfield Dutton in 1922 . 
Revisions were made and published in 1946 and 1951 . 
It was first published in 1935 . 
It was called International Symbolic Script . 
A year later , it was called Speedwords . 
It can be typed using a normal keyboard . 
Danish is spoken throughout the country . 
Denmark is divided into five regions and a total of 98 municipalities . 
Fish is also widely eaten . 
The term `` Terra '' is used for naming extensive land masses . 
This is called a biosphere . 
Hot magma is pushed upwards through the cracks . 
Sedimentary rock is formed from the accumulation of sediment . 
The other two types are changed by high or low temperatures and pressures . 
It is tidally locked to Earth . 
Einstein on the Beach is an opera written by the minimalist composer Philip Glass . 
This is called organ failure . 
A system can be called economically efficient . 
This is called Pareto efficiency . 
Trace amounts of technetium have since been found in nature .
The element may have been discovered naturally in 1925 . 
Atoms of the same element are said to be different isotopes of the element . 
Chemical elements are also given a unique chemical symbol . 
A fundamental connection was noticed between the module theory . 
It is most commonly measured in forestry . 
The carrying capacity of an ecosystem is reduced over time . 
Ecocide is thought by some green economists to be accelerated by debt instruments . 
At home , food is prepared in the kitchen , by the cook . 
A doctor who specializes in the treatment of the feet is called a podiatrist . 
Floors are often made of materials that are too soft to survive being walked on with shoes . 
France is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Monaco , Andorra , and Spain . 
Ancient Gaul was inhabited by Celtic Gauls . 
Gaul was conquered for Rome by Julius Caesar in the 1st century BC . 
Hugh Capet was crowned King of France . 
King Louis XVI and his wife were executed in 1793 . 
Thousands of other French citizens were also killed . 
The French monarchy was re-established . 
His regime was replaced by the Third Republic . 
The departments are divided into 342 arrondissements . 
The arrondissements are re-divided into 4,032 cantons . 
In 1953 , France was asked by the United Nations to choose a coat of arms to represent them internationally . 
Thus the French emblem was adopted . 
In the early 1990s , France was criticized for its underground nuclear tests in French Polynesia . 
It is ranked as the fifth largest economy by nominal GDP . 
Most of the electricity produced in the country is generated by 59 nuclear power plants . 
Many famous French novels were written in the 19th century by authors such as Victor Hugo , Alexandre Dumas and Jules Verne . 
France is ranked as the first tourist destination in the world . 
Geography is divided into two main parts called physical geography and human geography . 
The GNU Free Documentation License is designed by the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) for the GNU Project . 
It was made up by the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) for the GNU project . 
Some theories are built around holes in evolutionary theory . 
Someone who works well with plants is said to have a green thumb or green fingers . 
The perception of green is evoked by light having a spectrum dominated by energy with a wavelength of roughly 520–570 nm . 
Google was started in early 1996 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin .
The patent was officially assigned to Stanford University . 
It is called Google Mail in the United Kingdom and Germany . 
The government is ruled by an individual who has full power over the country . 
A oligarchy is ruled by a small group of powerful individuals . 
The name galaxy is taken from the Greek word Galaxia . 
A graph structure can be extended by assigning a weight to each edge of the graph . 
The analysis situs was initiated by Leibniz . 
Euler 's formula was studied and generalized by Cauchy and L'Huillier . 
In particular , the term `` graph '' was introduced by Sylvester in an article published in 1878 in Nature . 
Bicycles are banned . 
Health was defined as being `` a state of complete physical , mental , and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity '' . 
The state was admitted to the Union on August 21 , 1959 . 
The island is built from seven separate shield volcanoes . 
The damaged tissue is replaced with tissue of the same kind.
This is called regeneration . 
The damaged tissue is replaced with scar tissue . 
The Inquisition was established .
Jews and Muslims who refused to convert were expelled from the country . 
Official recognition is afforded to both Irish and English language . 
Northern Ireland is made up of 6 counties . 
It is frequently used as an appositive noun . 
The interim person may also be called an acting principal or acting prime minister . 
An idiom is a phrase whose meaning can not be determined by the literal definition of the phrase itself . 
The General Training Version is intended for those planning to undertake non-academic training . 
English is also used . 
India 's constitution was founded on January 26 , 1950 . 
The Legislative branch is made up of the Parliament of India . 
The parliament of India is divided into two groups . 
The Executive branch is made up of the President , Vice President , Prime Minister , and the Council of Ministers . 
January is named for Janus . 
The first day of January is called New Year 's Day . 
Japan is sometimes identified as the `` Land of the Rising Sun '' . 
It is thought the Portuguese traders were the first to bring the word to Europe . 
The planet Jupiter has been known since ancient times . 
Jupiter was known to the ancient Romans . 
These are sub-divided into lighter-hued zones and darker belts . 
The light parts are called zones .
The darker are called belts . 
These lightning bolts have been measured as up to 1000 times as powerful as those on Earth . 
The moon was later named Amalthea . 
The spacecraft is planned to launch by 2011 . 
NASA 's JIMO was cancelled in 2006 . 
Meat is ritually slaughtered . 
Waimea was visited by explorer Captain James Cook in 1778 . 
The island of Kauai was featured in Disney 's 2002 animated feature film Lilo & Stitch . 
Beginning in World War II , the island was used as a training ground and bombing range by the United States military . 
On 28 March 1981 , the entire island was added to the National Register of Historic Places . 
The turnover was officially made on November 11 2003 . 
The U.S. Navy was given $ 400 million and 10 years to complete the task . 
Kahoolawe and its waters can only be used for Native Hawaiian cultural . 
Commercial uses are prohibited . 
Civil law is based on legislation that is found in constitutions . 
Common law has been inherited by almost every country once tied to the British Empire . 
The history of law is closely connected to the development of human civilisations . 
Las Vegas was established as a railroad town on May 15 , 1905 . 
It is also known as the `` Pineapple Island '' . 
It is separated from the island of Moloka'i by the Kalohi Channel . 
Lanai was first seen by Europeans on 25 February 1779 . 
Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay on February 14 . 
The island of Taiwan is claimed as a `` province '' by the People 's Republic of China . 
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia .
She was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility .
Her festival was held in May . 
A public holiday is held on the first Monday in May . 
In the United States , Memorial Day is observed on the last Monday in May . 
The place is today occupied by the Palacio Real . 
The Kingdom of Castile and the Crown of Aragon were welded into modern Spain by the Catholic Monarchs . 
The revolt was known as the First Spanish Republic . 
This was later followed by the return of the monarchy to Madrid . 
Later the monarchy was restored . 
Madrid is considered one of the top European destinations concerning art museums . 
The Island of Maui is also called the `` Valley Isle '' . 
Maui is formed from two shield volcanoes that overlapped one another . 
The only big town is named Kaunakakai . 
Molokai is noted for the numerous Hawaiian fish ponds along its south shore . 
In that year , the government of Iran was overthrown in the Iranian Revolution . 
The different universes within the multiverse are sometimes called parallel universes . 
The specific term `` multiverse '' was coined in 1895 by psychologist William James . 
The hair that grows on the upper lip of some men is called a mustache . 
Modern margarine can be made from any of a wide variety of animal or vegetable fats . 
Its name is translated from the Greek Galaxias . 
This name was taken from the Greek word Galaxia . 
In the SI , mass is measured in kilograms . 
The SI unit of mass is written as kg . 
Pluto was once considered the smallest . 
Mercury is not easily seen . 
Mercury can only be viewed in morning or evening twilight . 
It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains . 
The symbol for Mercury is based on Hermes ' staff . 
The planet is named after Mars , the Roman god of war . 
The two very small moons are called Phobos and Deimos . 
The magnifying glass is placed between the user 's eye and the object being viewed . 
The lens is usually mounted in a frame with a handle . 
After the Arab invasion of Persia , this architecture was used for the new Islamic world . 
Arab-plan or hypostyle mosques were pioneered under the Umayyad Dynasty . 
The first mosques of this type were built during the Umayyad Dynasty . 
The flat roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns . 
The building is supported by over 850 columns . 
Arab-plan mosques were constructed mostly under the Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties . 
The style has been used almost exclusively for mosques in Iran . 
The first minaret was constructed in 665 in Basra during the reign of the Umayyad caliph Muawiyah I.
They were supposed to bring mosques on par with Christian churches with their bell towers .
Their minarets were used for essentially the same purpose . 
Mosques are prohibited from loudly broadcasting the call to prayer . 
The adhan is called instead from inside the mosque or somewhere else on the ground . 
It is usually not said from the minaret . 
The domes are often placed directly above the main prayer hall . 
The prayer hall is also known as the musalla . 
It will be set perpendicular to a line leading to Mecca . 
This function is often elaborated into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard . 
Shoes must not be worn inside the carpeted prayer hall . 
Daily prayers can be performed anywhere .
It is required to attend Friday prayers at the mosque . 
A funeral prayer is normally held for a deceased Muslim outdoors in a courtyard or square close to the mosque . 
These Eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups . 
Islam 's holiest month , Ramadan , is observed through many events . 
These are done after the fourth required prayer of the day . 
Food is provided by members of the community . 
The community contribution to iftar dinners is required . 
These are done in the morning before dawn . 
Special , optional prayers are offered in larger mosques . 
Muslims performing i'tikaf are required to stay within the mosque for ten consecutive days . 
It is supposed to assist in helping poor Muslims . 
During the late twentieth century , more and more mosques have been used for political purposes . 
Mosques are used for preaching peaceful co-existence with non-believers . 
They are considered important to the Muslim community . 
Babri Mosque was demolished . 
The mosque was destroyed by about 200,000 Hindus on December 6 , 1992 . 
The mosque was built by Babur to mark the birth place of Ram . 
The conflict over the mosque was directly linked to rioting in Bombay . 
Mosque bombings are not limited to Iraq . 
Several American mosques were targeted in attacks ranging from simple vandalism to arson . 
The Jewish Defense League was suspected of plotting to bomb the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California . 
The Saudi involvement in mosques around the world can be traced back to the 1960s . 
An estimated US $ 45 billion has been spent by the Saudi Arabian government for mosques and Islamic schools in foreign countries . 
The imam is selected by the ruler . 
Friday prayer can be led by a slave . 
Women are allowed to lead prayers for congregations where there are only women . 
It is forbidden to wear shoes in the carpeted area of the prayer hall . 
Shoes must not be worn inside the carpeted prayer hall . 
These areas may not be devoted to praying . 
It is recommended that women at a mosque wear loose clothing that covers to the wrists and ankles . 
Those within the mosque are required to remain respectful to those in prayer . 
Loud talking is forbidden in areas where people are praying . 
It is also considered as rude to walk in front of Muslims in prayer . 
Muslims are also discouraged from wearing clothing with distracting images and symbols . 
Non-Muslims may be allowed into mosques . 
Non-Muslims may not be allowed into mosques at all . 
It has most commonly been taken that non-Muslims may only enter mosques if granted permission to do so . 
All entrants are expected to respect the rules and decorum for mosques . 
In modern Turkey non-Muslim tourists are allowed to enter any mosque . 
Jews were required to remove their shoes when passing by a mosque . 
Dogs are usually banned from entering mosques . 
The milk is made by glands in the skin . 
A rational number can be expressed as a fraction . 
Niihau is also referred to as the `` Mystery Island . '' 
This species has been successfully re-introduced . 
The fossil history of the Gavialoidea is quite well known . 
This is most commonly observed when a wave passes from one medium to another . 
In addition , a variety of other sports have been hosted at Portman Road . 
Crane fly larvae are called leatherjackets . 
It was founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator . 
Most common varieties of basil are treated as annuals . 
It is grown as a perennial in warm , tropical climates . 
Another boatload of asylum seekers was taken from Christmas Island to Papua New Guinea . 
It was said that many of the adult asylum seekers threw their children into the water . 
Evolutionary algorithms are now used to solve multi-dimensional problems . 
The largest city has been spelled Ulan Bator and other ways in the past . 
His best friend has been given a page on Facebook as well . 
A principal theme is also occasionally referred to as `` digressions , '' or `` couplets '' . 
The sections in between the main `` A '' section are called `` episodes '' . 
Only one single was released from the sessions . 
No morphological characteristics can be used to separate them from other muroids . 
Subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested . 
Data were compiled by the World Bank . 
It was created in 1942 with the name San Rafael . 
His eldest son Prince George was created Prince of Wales . 
She was always called Kisamor . 
Antemus is thought to come directly from Potwarmus . 
Progonomys and Karnimata are thought to derive directly from Antemus . 
It is found between the islands of Premuda and Olib . 
Edward I was also known as Edward Longshanks . 
In 1975 he was arrested after the siege failed .
He was subsequently imprisoned . 
The company was founded by Charles Hyde and David Vredenburg . 
Throughout the game , the player is accompanied by a nameless dog that laughs at the player if no duck is hit .
Face is directed by Antonia Bird .
It written by Ronan Bennett . 
The book was published in January , 2006 . 
Candleshoe is loosely based on the Michael Innes novel Christmas at Candleshoe . 
They were first worn on some major league baseball team 's uniforms in 1907 . 
The state is made up of both mountains and plains . 
Mount Erebus and Mount Terror are named after two ships from his expedition . 
The cathedral is dedicated to Eulalia of Barcelona . 
It was named after the Trojan Horse in Greek mythology . 
In the United States they are not as commonly called `` cartoons '' . 
Comic strips are published in newspapers . 
Communication protocols between the cache managers are known as coherency protocols . 
The game was developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision . 
The majority of the games were published by Infinity Ward . 
A version of NTFS is also included in the most recent operating systems . 
NTFS was made to replace the old file-system used by earlier versions of Windows . 
It was signed at The Hague in The Netherlands on January 23 , 1912 . 
The first section of the motorway was built by Tarmac Construction .
It was opened by the then Prime Minister Harold Macmillan on 5 December 1958 . 
At the top level England is divided into nine regions . 
In Portugal , bulls are used for the sport of bullfighting . 
It was abolished during the Meiji Restoration . 
It was established by Tokugawa Ieyasu . 
It is regarded as one of the best and most selective universities in China . 
The valley is surrounded by the hills of the Magaliesberg mountain range . 
Thunderstorms were reported on the island . 
A wind gust of 54 mph was reported . 
The liquid is forced out of a small hole . 
Berkelium was first made by hitting americium with alpha particles . 
It is named after Berkeley , California . 
They are often kept as exotic pets in other parts of the world . 
It was built with Icelandic stone in 1881 . 
The parliament building where the Althing meets now is called the Alþingishús . 
He is best known as the bass guitarist for the rock band Queen . 
Warner was replaced by former starter Josh McCown . 
The column is featured in Wim Wenders ' film Wings of Desire . 
The film is based on the novel of the same name . 
This was inspired by the crimes of Wisconsin serial killer Ed Gein . 
Most of the Midwest can now be called either `` urban areas '' or `` agricultural areas '' . 
Selene is addressed as `` far-winged '' , an epithet ordinarily applied to birds . 
This currency was first used as an Arab word . 
Ulan-Ude was founded in 1666 by the Russian Cossacks . 
Overall , the climate is heavily influenced by warm sea currents . 
The movie was directed by Wolfgang Reitherman . 
The genus was named by Linnaeus after the Jesuit botanist Georg Joseph Kamel from Brno . 
It is surrounded by steep hills  . 
His Waterworld script was thrown out . 
Many politicians were arrested . 
On 15 May 2006 , it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped . 
Contributions must be co-licensed under the License . 
François Mitterrand was elected president of the Fifth Republic . 
In June 2009 it was announced that a new single , `` One More Chance '' , would be released on 10 August 2009 . 
It was played on Radio One on the 18th of June 2009 . 
The letter was included in the Volume 1 hardcover version . 
The development continued well into the 1980s . 
They are also poorly understood . 
Mithril was also called `` true-silver '' or `` Moria-silver '' . 
It is therefore made using hot but not boiling water . 
It was called `` The Great War '' . 
The game was based on the 1980s Muse Software computer games . 
The economy of the coastal towns of Vestfold now is centered around fishing and shipbuilding . 
Mac OS X v10.5 `` Leopard '' was released on October 26 , 2007 . 
The latest version of Mac OS X is called `` Leopard '' . 
The three original settlements were driven by the success of the port of Sunderland . 
The etymology is thought to have come from an Arabic word for large bird . 
This word was later used by Portuguese explorers to describe the related Cassowary in New Guinea . 
He was educated at the University of Latvia in Riga . 
In Japan , 1.97 million copies were sold . 
CDs have been sold in the United States . 
He is widely regarded as one of the most versatile and influential diplomats in European history . 
He was promoted to captain in 1781 .
He given command of the Ariadne . 
The book of the dead was most commonly written on a papyrus scroll . 
It was placed in the coffin of the dead person . 
It has been adapted for film over 30 times . 
Sunderland was struck with the 'Indian cholera ' epidemic . 
After this , Chase was then signed by an agent who worked mainly in commercials . 
It had been named Xi'an . 
In 1957 , Bernstein was appointed Music Director . 
The non-profit organization was founded in 1977 by James Dobson . 
The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines . 
Red and Blue have subsequently been remade for the Game Boy Advance . 
It was founded in 1823 as Singapore Institution by Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles . 
A ball that is hit under the bar is called a goal . 
It is used in laboratories for chemistry and biology . 
The aspirator is attached to a faucet . 
The orchestra was formed in 1946 mainly from German musicians expelled from Czechoslovakia . 
However , no peace treaty has been signed to date . 
Theodore William King is formally credited as T.W. King . 
Their country is organized by Ministry of Love , Ministry of Power and Ministry of Wisdom . 
The character is written in Braille with no space following it . 
The crisis is generally regarded as the moment in which the Cold War came closest to a nuclear war . 
This crisis is seen as one of the major confrontations of the Cold War . 
All three of Powell’s novels were liked in the London literary world . 
They can be used for yarns and textiles of different qualties . 
In French it is called La Cage aux rossignols . 
Her brain was experimented on . 
Evil Genius is a novel written by Catherine Jinks . 
It was published by Allen & Unwin , Australia . 
The two princesses were educated at home under the supervision of their mother and their governess . 
They have been created for the purposes of local government in England . 
They were created in 1974 . 
Cities of Kanpur , Lucknow , Bareilly , Allahabad , Varanasi , Jhansi , Gorakhpur , Agra and Ghazipur are connected to a number of National Highways . 
It was officially accepted in 1890 . 
Abalone may only be taken using breath-hold techniques or shorepicking . 
SCUBA diving for abalone is strictly not allowed . 
Wiktionary is run by the Wikimedia Foundation . 
The planet is named after Venus , the Roman goddess of love . 
They are named after the Babylonian and Greek goddesses of love . 
The WNBA shot clock was recently changed from 30 to 24 seconds . 
Vajrayana is sometimes rendered in English as `` The Adamantine Vehicle '' . 
These Highest Yoga Tantras are divided into `` mother '' , `` father '' and `` non-dual '' tantras . 
The information is simply transcribed from one molecule to the other . 
He was assigned to the 6th Infantry Company of the Leibregiments Großherzogin . 
Originally , the microoganism was named Pasteurella pestis . 
It was renamed in 1967 . 
The vampire children are walled up in that room . 
The Administrative Block is linked to the Senior Block . 
It is played on the Nintendo Entertainment System console . 
Vietnamese is usually considered proper only as an adjective . 
Danish is usually only used as an adjective . 
A Pokémon 's HP is reduced to zero . 
In vertebrates smells are sensed by olfactory sensory neurons  
These cells are called olfactory epithelium . 
The smell is first processed by the olfactory bulb in the olfactory system . 
