To be sure that the food supply is safe .
They also saw how stars were similar to our Sun .
Most historians agree that the " castle clock " is first known programmable analog computer .
The book demonstrated that a device using thousands of tubes could be reasonably reliable and electronically reprogrammable .
Galen said these elements were used by Hippocrates to describe the human body . 
It also means it can be typed using a normal keyboard .
From 2006 to 2008, they ranked Denmark as " the happiest place in the world . "
Note that the term " Terra " is used for naming extensive land masses .
Science shows that the Earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago .
Most scientists think that the Earth and the other planets formed about 4.5 billion years ago .
This means it is basically a sphere but it bulges around the middle .
They define sustainable forestry as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year .
Euler showed that the Seven Bridges of Koenigsberg was not possible .
Zamenhof decided that the international language must have a simple grammar .
Greek astronomers thought that Mercury was two different objects .
Charity says that Muslims must give about one-fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat .
Shafi'i and Hanbali schools say that the Friday prayer is valid .
Scholars argue whether a minor can lead Friday prayers .
They selected a person to lead the five daily services .
Islam requires that its believers wear clothes that show modesty .
Muhammad said women should pray at home , not at the mosque .
Muhammad thought women should not be forbidden in mosques .
He feared they may be teased by males .
Most scholars of Islamic law  believe that non-Muslims may be allowed into mosques .
They say that non-Muslims may not be allowed into mosques at all .
It has most commonly been taken that non-Muslims may only enter mosques if granted permission to do so .
This means that they can be written as a divided by b .
This means that its detection in red giants in 1952 helped support the theory .
They said that many of the adult asylum seekers threw their children into the water .
Sean Maher remembers reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam .
He said it was Whedon 's personality and vision that sealed the deal for him .
Some say the Spirit comes only from the Father .
Others say the Spirit comes both from the Father and the Son .
They announced that the station is to be redeveloped .
He argued that there were technical solutions to all social and economic problems .
In June 2009 they announced that their new single is called One More Chance .
Sabbatarians think the first day of the week or Lord 's Day is the new Sabbath .
Many consider the flavor to be very agreeable .
They thought the name came from an Arabic word for large bird .
They saw he was one of the most versatile and influential diplomats in European history .
The disease makes it harder for the heart to pump blood .
The heart works very hard to pump blood through the narrow blood vessels .
It continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today .
The giant wants them to commit suicide .
Suddenly Christian realizes that a key will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle .
On his eleventh birthday , Harry finds that he is a wizard .
Rubeus Hagrid tells him that he is to go Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
Molotov claimed in radio broadcasts that the Soviet Union was not dropping bombs .
Bishara was the first Arab citizen of Israel to try to become Prime Minister .
He tried to become Prime Minister in the 1999 election .
Vera said that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby .
In March 1943 , injuries to the Mustangs ' goaltenders made him play again .
The firm began publishing the Almanach de Gotha in 1763 .
Much suggests that this is the kind of environment in which the tetrapods evolved .
Kellner had to fulfill his military reserve duty .
They allow the ribbon to be twice as wide as the print head .
A different version of the legend is that a vampire child is born .
Chun did not try to change it .
Write when it happened .
Most Christians believe that Sunday is a special day of worship and rest .
Still others believe that the Sabbath remains as a day of rest on the Saturday .
A wolf sees the girl walking through the woods .
They always consider Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , and Artemis to be Olympians .
These people often do not want to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
They like people to use the surname in the Western style .
Richard would not allow Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land .
Henry had to ask for the lands from Richard .
Hardy started wrestling in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on June 23 2004 .
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally .
This means that people only lived there in the summer .
In 1986 , he began to publish an anthology series called Dark Horse Presents .
This allows the animal to both capture and grind food .
Shawn went to deliver McMahon a Sweet Chin Music .
She arrives just in time to see Tom get out of a sedan chair with Baba .
It does not need to wait until the data has been physically written .
They know it was dropped in speech in the last stages of the Egyptian language .
Every Komsomol member was supposed to follow these rules .
He also said that the rules are important .
The rules say that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion .
Benoit  said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
He had to take everything .
It begins to breed shortly after returning to North America .
Eventually they begin bearing fruit .
O Lord , let thy mercy lighten upon us .
The team was forced to move to the Ford Center in Oklahoma City .
People think it lives at aphotic lightless depths from 600-900 metres .
It needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development .
People made Jews convert to Catholicism after 1492 .
The Inquisition burned him for secretly continuing to practice Judaism .
They have shown it has visual discrimination and spatial memory .
They consider Mario to be the most famous video game character in history .
He said that he was going to send a ship to Western Port .
He was going to have people explore it .
He also said that he had gone to Graham 's revival as a boy in Little Rock .
People believed it would bring courage to the bearer .
The Tsar thought that it should be called A Life for the Tsar .
He began working for World Wrestling Entertainment .
InuYasha wanted to become a full demon .
Kikyo wanted to become normal .
Langston learned to love reading .
It means that a hot spare cannot be shared between different arrays .
They consider the nagamaki to be a type of the no-dachi sword .
She says she found them .
They want to eat prey easily .
Certain readers may consider some of these images objectionable or offensive .
The Annals now began to lose their primitive character .
Sikh men believe that they should wear the panj kakaar five articles of faith with them all the time .
Strauss admitted that he had lied to the Bundestag .
He complained that he was treated like "a Jew who had dared appear at an NSDAP party convention " .
The fifth season saw Angel taking over as the person in charge of the law firm .
She decided to get a job as a secretary .
It appeared to have been reduced around Spring 2007 .
Some workers found bodies strapped to airplane seats .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away .
Some other account tells that she was born in a village named Payne 's Tavern .
They expect them to start building the Reunion Tram Train in 2008 .
Saxe Weimar was forced to join the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806 .
Some of the rebels said that Ali Mahdi Muhammad was the new president .
Others said that Mohamed Farrah Aidid was president .
President Bush ordered Federal aid to help State and local efforts .
The death of her mother led Rowling to write Harry Potter as a boy longing for his dead parents .
Barry sentenced Kelly to die .
Kelly said " I will go a little further than that " .
Instead Fitzpatrick said he would fix the Greta mob .
Ilia asks the gentle winds to carry her love to Idamante .
Idamante says he must go to fight the serpent .
Brono Claimed to be the god of daylight and the son of Baldr .
They consider her to be a folksinger .
They showed it had budget of only $ 40 million .
They thought that A. afarensis was an ancestor to both the genus Australopithecus and the genus Homo .
This view says that he was teaching general ways of how a person should behave .
This view believes that what Jesus said in the sermon was not what a good Christian should do .
They decided to put it into " full force " .
They believed the rocket was stored in a semi-hardened container .
Christians believe that Jesus was anointed by God as ruler and savior of all people .
Christians also believe that Jesus ' coming was the fulfillment of messianic prophecies of the Old Testament .
O Lord , let thy mercy lighten upon us .
In 1988 , Lefebvre made four new bishops to continue his work with the SSPX .
The target is supposed to use this space to move I/O data from the initiator .
People cannot agree if parents should appear naked in front of their children .
Bryan Singer decided to direct Superman Returns .
This allows a sharp image to form .
In 1990 , Coptic Catholic sources estimated that there were about 10,000 followers in countries other than Egypt .
DVD commentary suggests that two main " core " planets make up the Alliance .
It says that Trawangan is the smallest island in the world with an Irish pub .
They know people from Chicago have their own " nasal " accent .
Angle forced Michaels to submit with the Ankle Lock .
Someone sent the original Terminator to kill her .
It also kept the boys occupied during the long siege .
Mr Watson 's Australian legal team believed " it was not in his best interest " .
Sunni view that Umar was the first person to be given the title .
Shi'a view that Ali was given the title during Muhammad 's era .
Friedrich Kellner helped to reestablish the Social Democratic Party .
They often consider plants to be a living fossil .
They currently debate the classification of crustaceans .
Some think Malacostraca is a class.
Others think it is a subclass .
A note said that her services would not be required .
In the book a conch shell is blown to call everyone together .
John Paul II says that Escriva is a saint .
They helped them to defeat Nazi Germany .
He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public .
Part of the movie is about the grandson 's attempt to bring the Friedrich Kellner diary to the attention of the public .
They believe a proton is made up of 3 quarks .
This makes it look like a piece of fish .
He decided to live there for the rest of his life .
The Buddha told people to follow a special way of life called the Noble Eightfold Path .
He wanted him to bring it to the attention of the public .
The record shows that Lincoln is a Baptist .
Try to choose colors that will not be confusing to a person with red-green color blindness .
He did not hesitate to make alliances with Protestant rulers .
He tried to achieve this goal .
They try to find the people who force people into prostitution .
The gods could not make Amaterasu come out of the cave .
Viacom tried to offer the event .
They said that his rooms were bricked up after his death .
They invited her to appear nude in Sin City .
Many people wrongly think Mato Grosso do Sul is simply " Mato Grosso " .
The government considered changing its name to " Pantanal " .
You wanted to create a user subpage called " Sandbox " .
They said Japan is  the robotic capital of the world .
They decided to form Powderfinger .
This makes it the best-selling video game franchise of all time .
Vince then announced that him and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania .
In turn , JBL announced that Mysterio would face off against Mark Henry later that night .
People know Charizards cause wildfires by accident .
People know Charizards cause forest fires unintentionally .
Bryan Singer decided to direct Superman Returns .
She encourages him to try .
They allowed Leto to give birth there .
The Lords could make their tenants do things in Western European nations .
Franklin D. Roosevelt tried to reverse the perception of " Yankee imperialism " with this treaty .
Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island says he was born in the Mushroom Kingdom .
Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean .
Triple H said that Evolution needed to stick together .
Triple H tried to save him from the vehicle before he got hit .
In Norse Mythology , they think the World tree Yggdrasil is an ash tree .
They invited biologists around the world to help .
The Daily Telegraph reported that food prices in Myanmar could be affected by this disaster .
Catalan legend says that the body swerved to avoid getting hit by a cannonball .
They believed this was a sign from God that the Ottomans would be defeated .
Bishop Heinrich I made Wittstock the capital of the Havelberg diocese .
That means that India was a significant cultural influence .
Sukarno was forced to resign by one of his generals .
The isotopic anomalies suggest that the solar nebula collapsed shortly after a nearby supernova .
Radiometric dating shows that the CAIs formed about 2 million years before the chondrules formed .
This makes their rilvalry one of the oldest high school rivalries in the country .
The WWF and the Chinese government cooperated to establish the center .
McClane manages to open it .
He thought it might be related to the South American anteater .
Final results show that Hamas won the election .
They choose to be a judge .
That new law would allow embryonic stem cell research to be done in Missouri .
In 1957 , they chose this small port town to be the capital of the new country .
Dio said the fire was started by lightning .
The previous MP and previous party column shows the MP and party holding the seat .
After the fight , the two decided to try to better understand each other in order to solve their problems together .
Moths tend to have stout and hairy or furry-looking bodies .
He helped organize draining the swamp .
Draining the swamp makes it to be usable as farmland .
After the fall of Saipan , the Japanese commanders knew that the Allies had plans .
The Allies would try to capture the Philippines next .
It shows Bishamon holding a spear in one hand and a small pagoda in the other hand .
This allows connections to be made in awkward positions .
The Oriental Orthodox Churches believe this is the correct understanding of the sermon .
Analysis showed it was about 16.5 million years old .
Triple H told Batista not enter the Royal Rumble .
He said it would be selfish of him to do so .
We can say that four words of data can be transferred during one memory cell cycle .
We know they favor kidnapping victims and slitting their throats .
It reveals his parents to be upper middle class .
They managed to get across .
Berzelius also proved Prout 's hypothesis was wrong .
He declared that Wikipedia is not censored . Conten
This then allowed Inverness Caledonian Thistle to return to their home stadium during the 2005 season .
These reasons have made it notorious as a sailors ' graveyard .
However , most try to keep distance from their own personal biases in their news work .
They originally meant it to be the first of a series of three books .
This makes it the second largest town in the Northern Territory .
They created it to use it as a base for the ivory trade .
They believe she was around seven months old at the time of filming .
Pasteur proved that organisms such as bacteria and fungi do not appear in nutrient-rich media of their own accord .
Sources recommend you not put an entire quotation in italics just because it is a quotation .
Some studies have shown that hot chocolate may be healthy because of antioxidants that are in cocoa .
This meant that the amount of wage labour varied as well .
Aurora asked Zeus to grant immortality to Tithonus .
She once says that she voted for Jimmy Carter " twice " .
She also stated to have been really depressed when Lyndon Johnson died .
They say China began as city-states in the Yellow River valley .
This suggests that humans were the main cause of the extinction of megafauna in Australia .
Hurwicz hired Evelyn Jensen to help him teach during the 1940s .
They appointed British transport consultants to study the transport system of Hong Kong .
Onegin is annoyed that people are gossiping about him and Tatyana .
Recent research has tended to incorporate these into a larger family Ruscaceae .
This makes it grow slower and turns the leaves a darker shade of green .
It also causes amino acids to be made .
The Economist said that China reacted to the disaster " rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness " .
MMao had wanted the ideas to work differently .
Al-Musta'sim tried to negotiate .
He tried to come back later in the season .
His injury caused him to be able to play two more games .
He managed to break a finger on his throwing hand .
He also likes to turn nouns into adjectives by adding a " y " at the end of the word .
Isildur tried to escape .
Powderfinger said they would have a rest from working together .
The dates show that the last of the megafauna became extinct around the same time .
Fermat 's little theorem states that there are infinite numbers to satisfy the equation .
We try to see if the equation above holds .
Christians generally believe that Jesus is God incarnate .
They like to hide in the fallen leaves or mossy tree trunks .
He wants to take his son 's mutant abilities away .
They think the remains of this city are below the modern city of Flores , Guatemala .
They want to get a better image with materials that have a high refractive index .
Pinocchio has to prove that he 's good .
The Blue Fairy decides that on a plan .
Pinocchio has proved that he is good enough .
The fossil record suggests that their dental pattern and shape has n't changed in 45 million years .
We know the translation is " full of grace " .
He allowed the prominent mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss to name the asteroid after the Roman virgin goddess .
The researchers concluded that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy .
Therefore , the placement context will determine whether the parentheses is opening or closing .
They chose Sarah Michelle to fight evil .
On the first occasion , the court held that the Bill was Constitutional .
They planned for Hopkins to originally develop as a gecko .
Anvari says Mu'izzi copied the verses of other poets .
People know Anvari himself copied Mu'izzi 's verses .
However , APG II allows them to keep some of these families separate .
They recommend scientists to expand the family to include the genera .
He seems to have been a ruler of Teotihuac .
They managed to win their Second Division zone .
They say they are the publisher .
Two friends need to quickly earn enough cash playing poker to pay off a huge debt .
The movie is designed to appeal to a younger modern audience .
These allow multiple computers to access the same peripheral devices .
Pliny said the temple was 115 meters long and 55 meters wide .
Lorenz humanity would soon be extinct .
Various sources also say pepper is good to treat eye problems .
They thought the " Grey Lady " is Janet Douglas , Lady Glamis .
Foreign policy views that Graham spoke against communism .
The Estates of Scotland declare King James VII of Scotland is deposed .
Other cities nearby tried to take the position of Teotihuac .
They tried to fill the power vacuum left by Teotihuac .
Thompson helped to make common the technique of catching the puck .
He pioneered to catch the puck in order to stop it .
This law showed that inorganic compounds are made of different elements in proportion by weight .
Lu has written that he had a mystical experience in 1969 .
This lead him to seek out a total of twenty-one human gurus .
Rowling said that the idea for the Harry Potter character came to her while waiting for a train .
People consider Hipparchus the greatest ancient astronomical observer .
Some people see him as the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity .
It seemed there were more goats and sheep .
This means that data loss can occur at significant rates , in practice .
Whedon has said that he would not work with Fox again .
They announced on November 1 , 2007 that this was changed .
They estimated it was the least used station in the entire city network .
Triple H opted to take time off .
The group has worked to build approval in the community .
They advised him to try track cycling .
It also forced the Soviet government to become less secretive .
Platelets help blood clot .
Both platelets and clotting proteins are needed to make good clots .
The 2000 census said the village had a total population of 772 .
The United States Census Bureau says the village has a total area of 1.0 km by 0.4 mi .
Dave Windfield inspired Derek Jeter to play baseball .
He was trying to rescue 11 tourists trapped on the Lingyanshan Ropeway .
Scientists have shown they are closely related to African murines in spite of their uniqueness .
The placement of the web allows different spiders to trap different insects in the same area .
Flat , horizontal webs allow them to trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath .
Flat vertical nets allow them to trap insects in flight .
The United States Census said that Scranton had a population of 102,026 people in the year 1900 .
This made it the 38th largest city in the United States .
Upper level winds made it stay as a minimal hurricane before it got to Dominican Republic .
Some critics said that the album was fantastic , eclectic .
Racers know sled dogs have travelled over 90 miles in a 24 hour period .
Residents wanted to educate their children locally .
This may indicate that the basic structure of the harvestmen has not changed much .
Berliners like to give nicknames to famous buildings .
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania .
He hoped that the devastation would draw Fabius into battle .
On 20th April , 1792 , the Assembly voted to declare war on Austria Holy Roman Empire .
Soon , Prussia decided to join on the Austrian side .
They consider it to be a Special Municipality .
Rowling has said that the Mirror of Erised chapter in Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone is her favourite .
He told the Count to return the pin which fastens the letter .
Domitian makes himself censor for life .
Critics say RCTV 's shows are seen in more than 60 countries .
Using a freezer will allow it to be kept a longer time .
The Duke of Bedford forces the Duke of Brittany to recognize English suzerainty .
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks in walls of some buildings .
They consider it to be one of the leading examples of Early English architecture .
The plant is allowed to flower once a year .
In September , 2007 , Williams ' father , Larry , told the Sydney Daily Telegraph that Ledger and Williams had separated .
Polls show that a large majority of Corsicans are opposed to full independence .
Much of the Shi'a community also holds that the Qur'an is created .
This enables it to achieve the excellent swimming abilities .
Italy had hoped to begin the war with a surprise attack .
Gellar found out that she needed permission from the government to take the sword out of the country .
People believe they were the ancestral form of tetrapod limbs .
People believe they are the direct ancestors of tetrapods in the scientific literature .
This means it did not take sides .
The British helped the Maltese to stop the French control two years later .
This lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor .
They permitted the NSE to start trading equity derivatives three days after the BSE .
He was set to complete his contract as consultant to the Irish team .
They could not afford to build alien worlds .
It looks like the members of the group are not bound by the usual Islamic religious constraints .
People widely consider it to be among the finest examples of high , or late , Gothic architecture .
It is common practice to include a link to your user page or user talk page .
It helps Aboriginal people improve their quality of life on remote communities .
He wrote that " for all of its familiar qualities , this movie marks something of a departure for the Disney studio " .
He also said that , the rules are important .
The rules say that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion .
Benoit said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
Tony Blair announces he will resign as British Prime Minister on June 27 .
They consider him one of the most important figures in Spanish literature .
He believed that God would provide for his needs as he did his Christian work .
The United States Census Bureau says that New York had the third most people in the United States .
He helped the country win its independence from the Netherlands .
In the 1980s , the state government has realised that tourism is a very good industry .
In the materials , they said that he was a descendant of French Jews .
Towns or resorts offer hydrotherapy to make people better with water .
The referee will declare that the opponent wins the fight .
They detect if the surroundings are light or dark .
He helped Latvia join the EU
Effort is made to betrothe Claudius to Livia Medullina Marcus Furius Camillus .
Jim Sturgess travels by ship to the United States to search for his American G.I. father .
The match featured Orton performing a crossbody from the top rope on Cena .
They chose the word ZIP suggest that the mail travels more efficiently .
Her boyfriend 's mother offered to pay a $ 200,000 bail .
He would let her continue her work at the Hemmesphere nightclub until trial .
They see him hanging out with Doug , Spence , and Deacon .
They designated the missile to have the name " XB-65 " .
People consider them to be the " mother civilization " of Mesoamerica .
These make them look more dense and fluffy .
The High Court of Australia ruled that the government could not buy Oceania House .
The Australian government ordered that no government business was to be given to his shipping company .
This makes the cyan color of the water in a swimming pool even more intense .
They show that she has no formal training .
American and Australian communities often prefer to call themselves " Wends " or " Wendish " .
Scholars always consider Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , and Artemis to be Olympians .
In some countries counselling , accommodation and specialist care exists to help trafficked people .
The care helps trafficked people escape .
The Dutch wanted to stay neutral in World War II as well .
Aragorn decides to take to the Paths of the Dead . 
Chase wanted to perform from a very early age .
The video games say that Charizard 's wings can bring it to 4,600 feet in the sky .
They believed Thor was the son of Odin .
