To be sure that the food supply is safe .
They also saw how stars were similar to our Sun , but in a range of temperatures , masses and sizes .
Most historians agree that the " castle clock " , an astronomical clock invented by Al-Jazari in 1206 , is first known programmable analog computer .
The secret British Colossus computers 1943 ,B. Jack Copeland , ed. , Colossus : The Secrets of Bletchley Park 's Codebreaking Computers , Oxford University Press , 2006 which had limited programmability but demonstrated that a device using thousands of tubes could be reasonably reliable and electronically reprogrammable .
Galen said these elements were used by Hippocrates to describe the human body . The elements are linked to the four humours : phlegm water , yellow bile fire , black bile earth , and blood air .
It is therefore useless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if the rules of operation of your company or school mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
This makes it easier to learn . It also means it can be typed using a normal keyboard .
From 2006 to 2008 ranked Denmark as " the happiest place in the world , " based on standards of health , welfare , and education .
Note that by International Astronomical Union convention , the term " Terra " is used for naming extensive land masses , rather than for the planet Earth .
Science shows that the Earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago .
Most scientists think that the Earth and the other planets formed about 4.5 billion years ago . Within a billion years that is at about 3.8 billion years ago the first life evolved .
Earth also has the strongest gravitational and magnetic field . This means it is basically a sphere but it bulges around the middle .
It is most commonly measured in forestry , in fact sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
In 1736 , Leonhard Euler published a scientific article where he showed that the Seven Bridges of K ? ? nigsberg was not possible . The article is seen as the first paper in the history of graph theory .
Honolulu means " sheltered harbor " in the Hawaiian language .
Zamenhof decided that the international language must have a simple grammar .
Before the 4th century BC , Greek astronomers thought that Mercury was two different objects : one able to be seen only at sunrise , which they called Apollo ; the other that was only able to be seen at sunset , which they called Hermes .
Charity The third of the Five Pillars of Islam says that Muslims must give about one-fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat .
Shafi'i and Hanbali schools say that the Friday prayer is valid , as long as it is done in a group of worshippers .
Friday prayer can be led by a slave . Scholars argue whether a minor can lead Friday prayers .
Scholars argue whether a minor can lead Friday prayers . The person selected to lead the five daily services can lead the Friday prayer as well .
Dress Islam requires that its believers wear clothes that show modesty .
Muhammad said , women should pray at home , not at the mosque . Muhammad thought women should not be forbidden in mosques .
Muhammad said , women should pray at home , not at the mosque . Muhammad thought women should not be forbidden in mosques .
The second caliph Umar at one time stopped women from attending mosques , especially at night , because he feared they may be teased by males , so he made them to pray at home .
Most scholars of Islamic law , believe that non-Muslims may be allowed into mosques , as long as they do not sleep or eat there .
Followers of the Maliki school of Islamic jurisprudence disagree . They say that non-Muslims may not be allowed into mosques at all .
For mosques in other areas , it has most commonly been taken that non-Muslims may only enter mosques if granted permission to do so by Muslims and if they have a proper reason .
Rational numbers are numbers which can be written as fractions . This means that they can be written as a divided by b , where the numbers a and b are integers , and b is not equal to 0 .
No isotope of technetium has a half-life longer than 4.2 million years 98Tc . This means that its detection in red giants in 1952 helped support the theory that stars can produce heavier elements .
Another boatload of asylum seekers was taken from Christmas Island to Papua New Guinea . It was said that many of the adult asylum seekers threw their children into the water in protest at being turned away .
Whedon , Firefly Companion , Vol 1 , 114 Sean Maher remembers reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam . He said it was Whedon 's personality and vision that " sealed the deal " for him .
Whedon , Firefly Companion , Vol 1 , 114 Sean Maher remembers reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam . He said it was Whedon 's personality and vision that " sealed the deal " for him .
Some say the Spirit comes only from the Father . Others say the Spirit comes both from the Father and the Son .
Some say the Spirit comes only from the Father . Others say the Spirit comes both from the Father and the Son .
Redevelopment On May 15 , 2006 , it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped . The total cost of the redevelopment will be $ 36 million dollars .
Hoover deeply believed in the Efficiency Movement . He argued that there were technical solutions to all social and economic problems .
In June 2009 they announced that their new single is called One More Chance . It was played on Radio One on the 18th of June 2009 .
Some conservative Christians are " Sabbatarians " . Sabbatarians think the first day of the week or Lord 's Day is the new Sabbath .
Many consider the flavor to be very agreeable , but it is generally bitter if steeped in boiling water . It is therefore made using hot but not boiling water .
The history of the common name , Emu , is not certain , but is thought to have come from an Arabic word for large bird . This word was later used by Portuguese explorers to describe the related Cassowary in New Guinea .
We also say 42 is divisible by 7 or 42 is a multiple of 7 or 7 divides 42 or 7 is a factor of 42 and we usually write 7 | 42 . For example , the positive divisors of 42 are 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 14 , 21 , 42 .
Since the turn of the 19th century he was known simply as Talleyrand . He is widely seen as one of the most versatile and influential diplomats in European history , although he was known to accept bribes from other European powers , especially while serving under Napoleon .
The disease makes it hard to breathe . The disease makes it harder for the heart to pump blood . The heart works very hard to pump blood through the narrow blood vessels .
The disease makes it hard to breathe . The disease makes it harder for the heart to pump blood . The heart works very hard to pump blood through the narrow blood vessels .
Yotsuya Kaidan is one of the most famous Japanese ghoststory of all time . It continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today .
The giant wants them to commit suicide , but they refuse . Suddenly Christian realizes that a key he has , called Promise , will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle .
The giant wants them to commit suicide , but they refuse . Suddenly Christian realizes that a key he has , called Promise , will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle .
He goes to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn magic . On his eleventh birthday , Harry finds that he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid tells him that he is to go Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
He goes to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn magic . On his eleventh birthday , Harry finds that he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid tells him that he is to go Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
He was the People 's Commissar for Foreign Affairs , or the Foreign Minister , of the Soviet Union . When Molotov claimed in radio broadcasts that the Soviet Union was not dropping bombs but rather delivering food to the starving Finns , the Finns started to call the air bombs satirically " Molotov picnic baskets " .
Bishara was the first Arab citizen of Israel to try to become Prime Minister . He tried to become Prime Minister in the 1999 election,Profile : Israel 's Arab voice .
Bishara was the first Arab citizen of Israel to try to become Prime Minister . He tried to become Prime Minister in the 1999 election,Profile : Israel 's Arab voice .
Yunus marriage with Vera ended a few months after the birth of their baby girl , Monica Yunus b. 1979 Chittagong . Vera returned to New Jersey and said that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby .
He led the Mustangs to the league championship series in 1942 ? ? ? 43 against the Calgary Currie Army team . In March 1943 , injuries to the Mustangs ' goaltenders made him play again .
The firm of Justus Perthes now called Hermann Haack began publishing the Almanach de Gotha in 1763 . The almanach was a very important directory of the world 's major ruling dynasties and Europe 's high nobility .
Swampy habitats like shallow wetlands , coastal lagoons and river deltas also existed at this time . There is much to suggest that this is the kind of environment in which the tetrapods evolved .
In 1907 and 1908 Kellner had to fulfill his military reserve duty . He was assigned to the 6th Infantry Company of the Leibregiments Gro ? ? herzogin 3 .
M ? ? bius strips are common in the making of fabric computer printer and typewriter ribbons . There , they allow the ribbon to be twice as wide as the print head while using both half-edges evenly .
A different version of the legend is that in every generation of the family , a vampire child is born . The vampire children are walled up in that room .
However , it limited the president to one seven-year term . Chun did not try to change it so he could run for reelection in 1988 .
For an event , write its basic details and when it happened . For a place , tell where it is and what it is known for .
Most Christians believe that Sunday is a special day of worship and rest . Still others believe that the Sabbath remains as a day of rest on the Saturday , reserving Sunday as a day of worship .
Most Christians believe that Sunday is a special day of worship and rest . Still others believe that the Sabbath remains as a day of rest on the Saturday , reserving Sunday as a day of worship .
Her mother sends her to take food to her sick grandmother . A wolf sees the girl walking through the woods and makes a plan to eat her .
Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , and Artemis are always considered to be Olympians . Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Demeter , Hestia , and Hades are all brothers and sisters .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers . These people often do not want to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
The latter part of the name can also be found as Binladen or Binladin . However , the Bin Laden family or " Binladin , " as they like to be called usually use the name as a surname in the Western style .
The next year John of Gaunt died , and Richard would not allow Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land . Instead , Henry had to ask for the lands from Richard .
The next year John of Gaunt died , and Richard would not allow Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land . Instead , Henry had to ask for the lands from Richard .
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling 2004-2006 Hardy started wrestling in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on June 23 2004 at the TNA pay-per-view , the Second Anniversary Show . He was in a match against A.J. Styles for the X - Division title .
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally . This means that people only lived there in the summer , when the local lake filled with water for grazing cattle .
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally . This means that people only lived there in the summer , when the local lake filled with water for grazing cattle .
Richardson is the owner of several comic book shops in the Portland , Oregon metropolitan area . In 1986 , he began to publish an anthology series called Dark Horse Presents using money from his stores .
When the tongue is retracted , the prey is caught on backward-facing keratinous " teeth " , located along the roof of the buccal cavity . This allows the animal to both capture and grind food .
Shawn went to deliver McMahon a Sweet Chin Music but instead he got a trash can and a table . Michaels pinned McMahon to win the match . Shawn Michaels beat Vince McMahon in a No Holds Barred match 18 : 28 Michaels pinned McMahon after Sweet Chin Music .
Soon afterwards Anne finds Tom 's London house . She arrives just in time to see Tom get out of a sedan chair with Baba , whom he has just married .
Write cache reliability The disk system can acknowledge the write operation as soon as the data is in the cache . It does not need to wait until the data has been physically written .
Sometimes they may also say " ee-sa " . This is because the last " t " in her name was a feminine female suffix which is known to have been dropped in speech in the last stages of the Egyptian language .
The Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve rules . Every member of the party , and every Komsomol member was supposed to follow these rules .
He also said that , in the rules it says that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion . The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit went into the ring , and said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
He also said that , in the rules it says that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion . The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit went into the ring , and said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
He also said that , in the rules it says that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion . The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit went into the ring , and said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
He had to take everything that the new colony might need . Phillip had no real idea of what he might find when he got there .
In spring it is one of the first bird species to lay eggs . It begins to breed shortly after returning to North America after spending the winter in the south .
As they mature , their leaves change colour from pink-tinted to green . Eventually they begin bearing fruit .
O Lord , have mercy upon us , have mercy upon us . O Lord , let thy mercy lighten upon us , as our trust is in thee .
The NBA 's New Orleans Hornets became the first major league sports team to play in Oklahoma . This happened after the team was forced to move to the Ford Center in Oklahoma City for two seasons after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Habitat and adaptations The Vampire Squid is an extreme example of a deep-sea cephalopod . People think it lives at aphotic lightless depths from 600-900 metres 2,000-3,000 feet or more .
Sustainability Sustainability is an issue of major importance in the world of today . It needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development and a better use of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
He was descended from Jews who were made to converted to Catholicism after 1492 . One of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practice Judaism .
He was descended from Jews who were made to converted to Catholicism after 1492 . One of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practice Judaism .
It has a highly sensitive optic nerve . It has been shown to have visual discrimination and spatial memory comparable to those of a rat .
Mario is one of the most famous video game characters of all time . Reception and legacy As Nintendo 's mascot , Mario is considered to be the most famous video game character in history .
Western Port On March 25 , Governor Brisbane wrote about the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a letter to England . He said that he was going to send a ship to Western Port to have it explored .
Western Port On March 25 , Governor Brisbane wrote about the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a letter to England . He said that he was going to send a ship to Western Port to have it explored .
Bill Clinton went to one of Graham 's New York revivals in 2005 . He also said that he had gone to Graham 's revival as a boy in Little Rock , Arkansas , in 1959 .
In this period , women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves . People believed it would bring courage to the bearer .
He wrote two great operas . The Tsar liked the opera and thought that it should be called A Life for the Tsar .
He worked for World Wrestling Entertainment . In November 2003 , Lashley started professional wrestling . He began working for World Wrestling Entertainment WWE .
His father was a demon and his mother was human . InuYasha , a half-demon , and half-human also did not belong on any side and wanted to become a full demon , just like Kikyo wanting to become normal .
His father was a demon and his mother was human . InuYasha , a half-demon , and half-human also did not belong on any side and wanted to become a full demon , just like Kikyo wanting to become normal .
The New York Times At high school in Cleveland , Ohio , Langston learned to love reading . He wrote articles for the school newspaper , he edited the school yearbook and he wrote his first short stories and plays .
This is called hot spare disk . This increases performance , but it means that a hot spare can not be shared between different arrays .
The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword . This one was a variation of long samurai sword .
He asks her where she got the earrings . She says she found them .
Hinault had the nickname Le Blaireau the Badger . Professional cyclists used the nickname because badgers do not let go of their prey animals they want to eat easily .
Wikipedia contains many different images . Certain readers may consider some of these images objectionable or offensive .
At this stage , the Annals now began to lose their primitive character , and became more and more Chronicles . But the term was still used for many documents , such as the Annals of Waverley .
Sikh men believe that they should wear the panj kakaar five articles of faith with them all the time to help them remember their faith . One of the articles is a type of underpants called the kaccha , which are similar to boxer shorts .
Strau ? ? had to admit that he had lied to the Bundestag , and had to resign . He complained that he was treated like a " Jew who had dared appear at an NSDAP party convention " .
Strau ? ? had to admit that he had lied to the Bundestag , and had to resign . He complained that he was treated like a " Jew who had dared appear at an NSDAP party convention " .
The fifth season saw Angel taking over as the person in charge of the law firm Wolfram and Hart . She decided to get a job with evil law firm Wolfram and Hart as a secretary .
The fifth season saw Angel taking over as the person in charge of the law firm Wolfram and Hart . She decided to get a job with evil law firm Wolfram and Hart as a secretary .
The English Wikipedia reached 3 million articles in August 2009 . In terms of the numbers of articles and of contributors it appeared to have been reduced around Spring 2007 .
Some workers found bodies strapped to airplane seats . Other workers discovered the body of a flight attendant with her hands tied up .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape . This may include beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
Some other account tells that she was born in a village named Payne ? ? ? s Tavern . It is located in Person County of North Carolina .
The R ? ? union Tram Train is expected to start being built in 2008 . It stretches from the city to the airport and to R ? ? union 's second city Saint-Paul .
Charles Augustus joined Prussia in the wars against France . After France won the Battle of Jena , Saxe Weimar was forced to join the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806 .
Some of the rebels said that Ali Mahdi Muhammad was the new president . Others said that Mohamed Farrah Aidid was president .
Some of the rebels said that Ali Mahdi Muhammad was the new president . Others said that Mohamed Farrah Aidid was president .
President Bush has declared an emergency is in the State of California and ordered Federal aid to help State and local efforts . President George W. Bush declared a federal disaster for the seven counties and scheduled a Thursday , October 25 , 2007 visit to the region .
The death of her mother on December 30 , 1990 led Rowling to write Harry Potter as a boy longing for his dead parents . His pain became " more deeper , more real " than in earlier versions because she related to it herself .
Barry said the words " May God have mercy on your soul " and sentenced Kelly to death . Kelly said " I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go " .
Barry said the words " May God have mercy on your soul " and sentenced Kelly to death . Kelly said " I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go " .
Early Life Edward 'Ned ' Kelly was born at Beveridge in 1855 . Instead Fitzpatrick said he would 'fix the Greta mob' .
Act 3 In the royal garden , Ilia asks the gentle winds to carry her love to Idamante . Idamante says he must go to fight the serpent .
The following pseudo-deities are presented in Encyclopedia Mythica as Norse . Brono Claimed to be the god of daylight and the son of Baldr .
She is considered a folksinger although her music has changed from folk a lot after the 1960s . Her music is now a mix of everything from rock and pop to country and gospel .
The movie made $ 25.5 million in the United States and $ 13.3 million in other countries . It was shown to have budget of only $ 40 million .
It has been thought that A. afarensis was an ancestor to both the genus Australopithecus and the genus Homo . Homo includes the modern human species , Homo sapiens .
This view says that he was teaching general ways of how a person should behave . This view believes that what Jesus said in the sermon was not what a good Christian should do .
This view says that he was teaching general ways of how a person should behave . This view believes that what Jesus said in the sermon was not what a good Christian should do .
The Kyoto Protocol was officially put into " full force " on February 16 , 2005 . On February 16 , Russia began to follow ratify the Kyoto Protocol and it was decided to be put into " full force " .
The missile was originally given the military designation " XB-65 " , thus making it a bomber ; from 1955 it was redesignated " SM-65 " and , from 1962 , it became " CGM-16 " . This letter " C " stood for " coffin " or " Container " , because the rocket was stored in a semi-hardened container ; it was prepared for launch by being raised ...
Christians believe that , as the Messiah , Jesus was anointed by God as ruler and savior of all people . Christians also believe that Jesus ' coming was the fulfillment of messianic prophecies of the Old Testament .
Christians believe that , as the Messiah , Jesus was anointed by God as ruler and savior of all people . Christians also believe that Jesus ' coming was the fulfillment of messianic prophecies of the Old Testament .
O Lord , have mercy upon us , have mercy upon us . O Lord , let thy mercy lighten upon us , as our trust is in thee .
In 1988 , Lefebvre made four new bishops to continue his work with the SSPX . He took this step against the orders of Pope John Paul II .
This command usually includes buffer addresses in the initiator 's FireWire " Physical Address Space " . The target is supposed to use this space to move I/O data to and from the initiator .
Children seeing their parents nude People can not agree if parents should appear naked in front of their children . Children seeing other people nude Different cultures have different opinions on whether children should see people other than their parents , and other children naked .
Brett Ratner directed the movie . He took over when Bryan Singer decided to direct Superman Returns .
The outer lens has a parabolic surface . This acts against spherical aberration and allows a sharp image to form .
In 1990 , Coptic Catholic sources estimated that there were about 10,000 followers in countries other than Egypt . These followers are under the care of local Latin Rite bishops .
DVD commentary suggests that two main " core " planets make up the Alliance . This explains the series ' mixed linguistic and visual themes .
Of the Gilis , Trawangan has the most tourist facilities . The pub T ? ? r na N ? ? g says that Trawangan is the smallest island in the world with an Irish pub .
These names include the " Northwest " or " Old Northwest " , " Mid-America , " or " the Heartland " . Also , people from Chicago are known to have their own " nasal " accent .
Angle would then gain control of the match , as he would apply the Ankle Lock on Michaels , forcing him to submit , thus Angle winning the match . Kurt Angle defeated Shawn Michaels 27 : 25 Angle forced Michaels to submit with the Ankle Lock .
Story In 1994 , ten years after Sarah Connor Linda Hamilton killed the original Terminator that was sent to kill her , two men arrive in Los Angeles from the year 2029 . John Connor Edward Furlong is now living with foster parents .
The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of youths that supported the troops . This freed the men for military duties . It also kept the boys occupied during the long siege .
Mr Watson 's Australian legal team believed " it was not in his best interest " to continue to legal action against the insurance company . Mr. Watson 's US-based lawyer , Bob Austin added that Mr. Watson would not be voluntarily " going back to Australia " .
Views of Sunni and Shi'a Sunni view that Umar was the first person to be given the title . Shi'a view that Ali , the prophet of Islam 's son-in-law and the only person to father the prophets only continuing lineage , was given the title during Muhammad 's era .
Views of Sunni and Shi'a Sunni view that Umar was the first person to be given the title . Shi'a view that Ali , the prophet of Islam 's son-in-law and the only person to father the prophets only continuing lineage , was given the title during Muhammad 's era .
After the war , Friedrich Kellner helped to reestablish the Social Democratic Party . He became chairman of the Laubach branch .
The plants have often been considered to be a living fossil . The earliest fossils of the genus Cycas appear in the Cenozoic although Cycas-like fossils that may belong to Cycadaceae extend well into the Mesozoic .
The classification of crustaceans is currently being debated . Some think Malacostraca is a class and others think it is a subclass .
The classification of crustaceans is currently being debated . Some think Malacostraca is a class and others think it is a subclass .
Because of this , and other factors , her first appearances as Portia in the play The Merchant of Venice and in other parts were not well received . She received a note from the manager of Drury Lane saying that her services would not be required .
In the book a conch shell is blown to call everyone together . It is held by whoever is speaking at meetings , symbolically representing democracy and order .
John Paul II say that Escriva is a saint . John Paul II calls Escriv ? ? the " saint of ordinary life " Further reading Allen , John , Jr. 2005 .
As a result of this , Romania changed sides and joined the Allies . Even though they helped to defeat Nazi Germany , Romania was not able to join in the Paris Peace Conference of 1947 .
He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public . Part of the movie is about the grandson ? ? ? s attempt to bring the Friedrich Kellner diary to the attention of the public .
He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public . Part of the movie is about the grandson ? ? ? s attempt to bring the Friedrich Kellner diary to the attention of the public .
Protons are made of quarks . A proton is believed to be made up of 3 quarks , two up quarks and one down quark .
The roe is in a single mass . This makes it look like a piece of fish .
Lolita In the 1962 Kubrick moved to United Kingdom to make his next film , Lolita . He liked the United Kingdom very much and decided to live there for the rest of his life .
The way to end pain is to follow the Noble Eightfold Path . Noble Eightfold Path The Buddha told people to follow a special way of life called the Noble Eightfold Path if they want to understand the Four Noble Truths .
He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public . Part of the movie is about the grandson ? ? ? s attempt to bring the Friedrich Kellner diary to the attention of the public .
He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public . Part of the movie is about the grandson ? ? ? s attempt to bring the Friedrich Kellner diary to the attention of the public .
The New York Times May 16 , 2007 . Says Record Shows Lincoln a Baptist " New York Times 31 October 1921 .
If it is necessary to use colors , try to choose colors that will not be confusing to a person with red-green color blindness the most common type . Colors that are okay to use include orange and violet .
His chief foreign policy objective was to check the power of the Austro-Spanish Habsburg dynasty ; although a Roman Catholic cardinal , he did not hesitate to make alliances with Protestant rulers . With these alliances , he tried to achieve this goal .
His chief foreign policy objective was to check the power of the Austro-Spanish Habsburg dynasty ; although a Roman Catholic cardinal , he did not hesitate to make alliances with Protestant rulers . With these alliances , he tried to achieve this goal .
One of the first targets of law enforcement actions against illegal prostitution is to find the people who force people into prostitution . This is called sexual slavery .
The world , without the light of the sun , became dark . The Oni devils of Japanese mythology came out to the dark world , and the gods could not make Amaterasu come out of the cave .
Viacom Cablevision in Nashville , Tennessee , was the first system to offer the event . Over fifty percent of its customers paid to see the fight .
The Monster was a very ugly disabled child who was kept hidden in the castle all his life . It is said that his rooms were bricked up after his death .
She was given the option to appear nude in Sin City by the movie 's directors , Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez . She said no to the offer saying , " I do n't do nudity .
Many people wrongly refer to Mato Grosso do Sul as simply " Mato Grosso " . This has caused the government to consider changing its name to " Pantanal " , the world 's largest wetlands which is in the state .
Many people wrongly refer to Mato Grosso do Sul as simply " Mato Grosso " . This has caused the government to consider changing its name to " Pantanal " , the world 's largest wetlands which is in the state .
You can " quote " categories by adding a colon before " Category " , like this : [ [ : Category : Bridges ] ] . If you wanted to create a user subpage called " Sandbox " , you would find it here . To link to a user subpage called " Sandbox " from your main user page , place the text [ [ /Sandbox ] ] On your page , o...
Quick , bring out the red tape ; TimesOnline ; 2007-04-06 ; retrieved on 2007-01-02 . Japan is actually said to be the robotic capital of the worldBiglione , Kirk ; The Secret To Japan 's Robot Dominance ; Planet Tokyo ; 2006-01-24 ; retrieved on 2007-01-02 .
Ian Haug , John Collins , and Steven Bishop drums , had been playing music with other bands , when they decided to form Powderfinger . The band 's name came from the song " Powderfinger " by Neil Young .
He has appeared in more than 200 video games . Over 200 million Mario game CDs have been sold . More than 200 million Mario game CDs have been sold all over the world, . The Mario series of video games has sold more than 200 million copies , making it the best-selling video game franchise of all time .
Vince then announced that him and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania . In turn , JBL announced that Mysterio would face off against Mark Henry later that night .
Vince then announced that him and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania . In turn , JBL announced that Mysterio would face off against Mark Henry later that night .
Because of their crazy behavior , Charizard are also known to cause wildfires by accident . Known to cause forest fires unintentionally .
Because of their crazy behavior , Charizard are also known to cause wildfires by accident . Known to cause forest fires unintentionally .
He took over when Bryan Singer decided to direct Superman Returns . Production Bryan Singer , the director of the first two X-Men movies left early in the production of the movie to direct the movie Superman Returns .
The Hanna-Barberra version has never pleased either of us... a travesty... " Deitch , Gene . She encourages him to try... And with a couple grunts , and a " Wa... Wa... Wa " " Wi... Wi... Will...bur .
Leto found a floating island , called Dellos . She was neither a mainland or a real island , so Leto was allowed to give birth there .
Serfdom in Western Europe mostly ended in the 15th and 16th centuries . This was because of changes in the economy , population , and laws about what lords could make their tenants do in Western European nations .
Franklin D. Roosevelt tried to reverse the perception of " Yankee imperialism " with this treaty . The view of Yankee imperialism was brought about by policies instituted largely by his predecessor , President Herbert Hoover .
In the television series , Mario and Luigi are from Brooklyn , although Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island says he was born in the Mushroom Kingdom . He first appeared in Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island , released in 1995 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , and has appeared in several titles since .
Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean . They live at the bottom of the ocean , sometimes in holes .
Triple H said that Evolution needed to stick together and went with him anyway . Triple H saved him from the vehicle before he got hit .
Triple H said that Evolution needed to stick together and went with him anyway . Triple H saved him from the vehicle before he got hit .
In Norse Mythology , the World tree Yggdrasil is commonly thought to be an ash tree . The first man , Askr , was formed from an ash .
It was started in August 2004 , with biologists around the world invited to help . Now , the project has become a good directory listing the Linnaean taxonomy with links to Wikipedia articles on individual species since April 2005 .
UPDATE 1-Myanmar cyclone stirs more rice supply fears An official from the United Nations also talked about the situation , at the time of the event . The Daily Telegraph , a UK newspaper , reported that food prices in Myanmar could be affected by this disaster .
Catalan legend says that the body swerved to avoid getting hit by a cannonball . This is believed to have been a sign from God that the Ottomans would be defeated .
Catalan legend says that the body swerved to avoid getting hit by a cannonball . This is believed to have been a sign from God that the Ottomans would be defeated .
The mitre to the right is for Wittstock . Bishop Heinrich I made Wittstock the capital of the Havelberg diocese .
The language of Licchavi inscriptions is Sanskrit , and the particular script used is closely related to official Gupta scripts . That means that India was a significant cultural influence .
Sukarno was forced to resign by one of his generals , Suharto . Suharto formally became President in March 1967 .
The isotopic anomalies of CAIs give valuable clues about the solar system 's formation , suggesting that the solar nebula collapsed shortly after a nearby supernova . Radiometric dating shows that the CAIs formed about 2 million years before the chondrules formed .
The isotopic anomalies of CAIs give valuable clues about the solar system 's formation , suggesting that the solar nebula collapsed shortly after a nearby supernova . Radiometric dating shows that the CAIs formed about 2 million years before the chondrules formed .
The football teams have played against each other almost every year since 1878 . This makes their rilvalry one of the oldest high school rivalries in the country .
In June 1980 , the China Research and Conservation Center for the Giant Panda was established . The World Wildlife Fund WWF and the Chinese government cooperated to establish the center .
McClane finds the fuel hatch . When Stuart kicks McClane off the plane , McClane manages to open it and the plane starts losing fuel .
He named the species Myrmecophaga aculeata . He thought it might be related to the South American anteater .
Final results show that Hamas won the election , with 74 seats . The ruling party , Fatah , only got 45 , giving Hamas the majority of the 132 available seats and the chance to form a majority government on their own .
Those who choose to be a judge start working at courts immediately . However they are on probation a temporary training period for up to four years before being appointed as judges for lifetime .
Embryonic stem cell advertisement On October 24 , 2006 , Warner was in a political advertisement against a proposed law in Missouri . That new law would allow embryonic stem cell research to be done in Missouri .
In 1957 , this small port town was chosen to be the capital of the new country . A building program was begun to grow its population to 15,000 .
Repairs In 217 , the Colosseum was badly damaged by fire . Dio lxxviii.25 said the fire was started by lightning .
The previous MP and previous party column shows the MP and party holding the seat at dissolution on April 11 , 2005 . In this case , the previous MPs can not be shown , and the previous party column shows the notional winner of the new seat , based on analysis of the 2001 general election result .
The two was on good terms again soon after , understanding each other better . After the fight , the two decided to try to better understand each other in order to solve their problems together and to support each other .
Structure of the body Moths tend to have stout and hairy or furry-looking bodies . Butterflies , on the other hand have slender and smoother abdomens .
William Lyall bought land in the swamp area . He helped organize draining the swamp to make it usable as farmland .
William Lyall bought land in the swamp area . He helped organize draining the swamp to make it usable as farmland .
After the fall of Saipan , the Japanese commanders knew that the Allies would try to capture the Philippines next . The Philippines were very important because they were located between the oil fields of Southeast Asia and Japan .
After the fall of Saipan , the Japanese commanders knew that the Allies would try to capture the Philippines next . The Philippines were very important because they were located between the oil fields of Southeast Asia and Japan .
Bishamon is shown holding a spear in one hand and a small pagoda in the other hand . The Pagoda symbolises the divine treasure house , which holds things that he guards and gives away .
The force needed to make or break a connection is small . This allows connections to be made in awkward positions or by those with motor disabilities .
The Oriental Orthodox Churches believe this is the correct understanding of the sermon , The early Anabaptists came close to following this view . The modern Anabaptist groups such as the Mennonites and Hutterites come closest .
The oldest specimens found date from some 85 million years ago . A fossil was found in Germany about 20 years ago . Analysis showed it was about 16.5 million years old , some 1.5 million years older than similar species from East Africa .
Triple H told Batista not enter the Royal Rumble . He said it would be selfish of him to do so , and that he should be helping Triple H keep the title .
Triple H told Batista not enter the Royal Rumble . He said it would be selfish of him to do so , and that he should be helping Triple H keep the title .
Comparisons The main difference between DDR and DDR2 modules is that the bus on which the DDR2 memory modules are working is clocked at twice the speed of the memory cells . In practical terms we can say that four words of data can be transferred during one memory cell cycle .
The group uses assassinations and bombings , including car bombs . It is known to favor kidnapping victims and slitting their throats .
In the second series , his parents - who appear in the episode " Sick " - are revealed to be upper middle class . They are conservative Tories who look down on Neil for starring in such a bad comedy series .
It was impossible to cross here near the site of Albury , but after a few days they found a better place . They built the rough frame of a boat and managed to get across .
In learning that atomic weights are not integer multiples of hydrogen 's , Berzelius also proved Prout 's hypothesis wrong . Prout 's hypothesis was that elements are built up from atoms of hydrogen .
Wikipedia is not censored . Content will generally not be removed because some people find it objectionable .
In 2005 , the stadium size criteria was reduced . This then allowed Inverness Caledonian Thistle to return to their home stadium during the 2005 ? ? ? 06 season .
The waters around the cape are very dangerous because of strong winds , large waves , and icebergs . These reasons have made it notorious as a sailors ' graveyard .
Definitions Few journalists would make a claim to total neutrality or impartiality . However , most try to keep distance from their own personal biases in their news work .
Su ? ? nico hijo was originally meant to be the first of a series of three books , but these were not written . Su ? ? nico hijo was Clar ? ? n 's last long book .
Alice Springs is a city in the Northern Territory of Australia . This makes it the second largest town in the Northern Territory .
History Yaound ? ? was founded in 1888 by German traders . It was created to be used as a base for the ivory trade and an agricultural research station .
The only physical cast member is Tamzin Griffin , who plays the manic " Funny Lady " . The Sun is personified with the face of baby Jessica Smith , who is believed to have been around seven months old at the time of filming .
Yet it was not until 1861 that Louis Pasteur performed a series of careful experiments . With these experiments , Pasteur proved that organisms such as bacteria and fungi do not appear in nutrient-rich media of their own accord in non-living material .
Quotations in italics Do not put an entire quotation in italics just because it is a quotation . Italics within quotations Use italics inside quotations if the source material does , or if you want to add emphasis .
Some studies have shown that hot chocolate may be healthy because of antioxidants that are in cocoa . Hot chocolate has a lot of antioxidants that may be good for the health .
Similarly , the proportion of unfree and free tenures could vary greatly . This meant that the amount of wage labour to perform agricultural work on the demesne varied as well .
Aurora asked Zeus to grant immortality to Tithonus . However , she failed to ask him for eternal youth .
Politically , Marge supports the Democratic Party . She once says that she voted for Jimmy Carter " twice " according to Lisa , supported the candidacy of their state 's governor Mary Bailey , and also stated to have been really depressed when Lyndon Johnson died .
Politically , Marge supports the Democratic Party . She once says that she voted for Jimmy Carter " twice " according to Lisa , supported the candidacy of their state 's governor Mary Bailey , and also stated to have been really depressed when Lyndon Johnson died .
These civilizations are called river valley civilizations . They say China began as city-states in the Yellow River valley .
New evidence Scientists have got new evidence , based on new and better ways of finding dates , using optically stimulated luminescence and Uranium-thorium dating of megafaunal bones . This suggests that humans were the main cause of the extinction of megafauna in Australia .
Hurwicz hired Evelyn Jensen to help him teach during the 1940s . She grew up on a Wisconsin farm and was studying economics at the University of Chicago .
Freeman , Fox , Wilbur Smith & Associates 1967 , Hong Kong Mass Transport Study , as shown in map above mentioned . British transport consultants Freeman , Fox , Wilbur Smith & Associates were appointed to study the transport system of Hong Kong .
Onegin is annoyed that people are gossiping about him and Tatyana . He is cross with Lensky for making him come .
This includes for example Cordyline and Dracaena , which are sometimes separated off into a separate family , Dracaenaceae . Recent research has tended to incorporate these into a larger family Ruscaceae , though .
This makes it grow slower and turns the leaves a darker shade of green . It also causes amino acids to be made , and these make the tea taste sweeter .
This makes it grow slower and turns the leaves a darker shade of green . It also causes amino acids to be made , and these make the tea taste sweeter .
The Economist said that China reacted to the disaster " rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness " . This was different to Myanmar 's secretive response to Cyclone Nargis , which struck the country 10 days before the earthquake .
Mao was responsible for the First Five Year Plan and also , The Second Five Year Plan . The Second Five Year Plan had some ideas that did not work the way that Mao had wanted them to .
The siege Hulagu demanded surrender ; the caliph refused . Al-Musta'sim tried to negotiate , but was refused .
In their fourth game against the Dallas Cowboys , he broke a finger on his throwing hand . Even thought he tried to come back later in the season , his injury caused him to be able to play two more games , and he lost them both .
In their fourth game against the Dallas Cowboys , he broke a finger on his throwing hand . Even thought he tried to come back later in the season , his injury caused him to be able to play two more games , and he lost them both .
In their fourth game against the Dallas Cowboys , he broke a finger on his throwing hand . Even thought he tried to come back later in the season , his injury caused him to be able to play two more games , and he lost them both .
Dialogue The dialogue in Joss Whedon 's series and movies is notable . He also likes to turn nouns into adjectives by adding a " y " at the end of the word " Vampires are fangy " .
The One Ring was lost when Isildur was attacked by Orcs . Isildur tried to escape , but he was killed when he lost the Ring .
After this they released a " best of " album called Fingerprints : The Best of Powderfinger , 1994 ? ? ? 2000 . After releasing Fingerprints : The Best of Powderfinger , 1994 ? ? ? 2000 , Powderfinger said they would have a rest from working together .
Nature 445 : 422-425 The dates show that the last of the megafauna became extinct around the same time , about 47,000 years ago . This was the time in which humans first arrived in Australia .
Concept Fermat 's little theorem states that if p is prime and . If we want to test if n is prime , then we can pick random a 's in the interval and see if the equation above holds .
Concept Fermat 's little theorem states that if p is prime and . If we want to test if n is prime , then we can pick random a 's in the interval and see if the equation above holds .
There have been many theological disagreements over the nature of Jesus over the first centuries of Christian history . But Christians generally believe that Jesus is God incarnate and " true God and true man .
They prefer deciduous forests . They like to hide in the fallen leaves or mossy tree trunks .
He is Angel 's father . He wants to take his son 's mutant abilities away .
The Itza maintained their capital at Tayasal also known as Noh Pet ? ? n . The remains of this city are thought to be below the modern city of Flores , Guatemala on Lake Pet ? ? n Itz ? ? .
It is possible to get a better image with materials that have a high refractive index which decreases towards the edges . This decreases the focal length and allows a sharp image to form on the retina .
But to become a real boy instead of a live puppet , Pinocchio has to prove that he 's good . The Blue Fairy decides that Pinocchio has proved that he is good enough , and brings him back to life... and also turns him into a real boy .
But to become a real boy instead of a live puppet , Pinocchio has to prove that he 's good . The Blue Fairy decides that Pinocchio has proved that he is good enough , and brings him back to life... and also turns him into a real boy .
But to become a real boy instead of a live puppet , Pinocchio has to prove that he 's good . The Blue Fairy decides that Pinocchio has proved that he is good enough , and brings him back to life... and also turns him into a real boy .
They also have the longest continuous fossil record of any primate . The fossil record suggests that their dental pattern and shape has n't changed in 45 million years .
The form of the verb is intensive , so we know the translation is " full of grace " . To show the meaning of the Greek intensive verb , the early Latin translators of the New Testament , who did n't have a word in Latin with the same meaning,used the phrase " gratia plena " full of grace .
Vesta was discovered by the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers on March 29 , 1807 . He allowed the prominent mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss to name the asteroid after the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth , Vesta .
Researchers from the University of California , San Francisco published a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The researchers concluded that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy .
Therefore the placement of the dots -before a word or after a word- will determine which symbol it is . Therefore , the placement context will determine whether the parentheses is opening or closing .
She was played by Sarah Michelle Gellar . Characters Major characters Buffy Summers Buffy Anne Summers played by Sarah Michelle Gellar is " the Slayer , " one in a long line of young women chosen to fight evil .
On the first occasion , the court held that the Bill referred - Offences Against the State Amendment Bill , 1940- was Constitutional . Re Article 26 of the Constitution and the Offences Against the State Amendment Bill , 1940 [ 1940 ] IR 470 .
Also , new parts ? ? ? ABC Time , ? ? ? ? ? ? Counting Time , ? ? ? ? ? ? Game Time , ? ? ? ? ? ? Story Time , ? ? ? and ? ? ? Hopping/Moving Time ? ? ? look into the episode theme or other skills in a playful way . Hopkins Originally developed as a gecko named ? ? ? Twerp ?
Anvari says Mu'izzi copied the verses of other poets this can not be proven for certain . Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi 's verses .
Anvari says Mu'izzi copied the verses of other poets this can not be proven for certain . Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi 's verses .
However , APG II allows the alternative of keeping some of these families , including Agavaceae , separate . In this case , it recommends expanding the family to include the genera currently classified in Anemarrhenaceae , Anthericaceae with Anthericum and Paradisea , Behniaceae and Herreriaceae .
However , APG II allows the alternative of keeping some of these families , including Agavaceae , separate . In this case , it recommends expanding the family to include the genera currently classified in Anemarrhenaceae , Anthericaceae with Anthericum and Paradisea , Behniaceae and Herreriaceae .
Maya inscriptions mention an individual nicknamed by scholars as " Spearthrower Owl " . He seems to have been a ruler of Teotihuac ? ? n , who reigned for over 60 years . He installed his relatives as rulers of Tikal and Uaxact ? ? n in Guatemala .
In 1995 the club was renamed Angusht and finished second in their zone , securing promotion to the Second League . Angusht finished second in 1998 and third in 2000 , and in 1995 they managed to win their Second Division zone to get another promotion .
C. Write the name of the publisher of the Changed Version and say they are the publisher . C. State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the Modified Version , as the publisher .
The movie was directed by John Dahl and starred Matt Damon and Edward Norton . It follows two friends who need to quickly earn enough cash playing poker to pay off a huge debt .
The movie is a very exciting & modern version of Shakespeare 's play designed to appeal to a younger modern audience . Despite the adaptation , the movie retains Shakespeare 's original dialogue , though edited for modern cinema audiences .
These allow multiple computers to access the same peripheral devices . They work by switching the access between PCs , either manually or automatically .
Pliny said the temple was 115 meters long and 55 meters wide . It was about three times as big as the Parthenon by area .
Lorenz argued that if our senses gave us wrong information about our environment , humanity would soon be extinct . Therefore we can be sure that our senses give us correct information , for otherwise we would not be here to be deceived .
Various sources from the 5th century onward also say pepper is good to treat eye problems . Often special ointments made with pepper have to be applied directly to the eye .
One seat in the chapel is always kept empty for a ghost called the " Grey Lady " . The " Grey Lady " is thought to be Janet Douglas , Lady Glamis .
Foreign policy views Graham spoke against communism . He was in favor of the U.S. Cold War policy , including the Vietnam War .
Scotland and Ireland do not yet recognize them . April 11 - The Estates of Scotland declare King James VII of Scotland deposed . Ireland does not recognize them yet .
Kaufman 2001 , p.4 Other cities nearby tried to take the position of Teotihuac ? ? n . They tried to fill the power vacuum left by Teotihuac ? ? n 's decline .
Kaufman 2001 , p.4 Other cities nearby tried to take the position of Teotihuac ? ? n . They tried to fill the power vacuum left by Teotihuac ? ? n 's decline .
Thompson helped to make common the technique of catching the puck as a method of making a save . He was one of the first goaltenders in the NHL to catch the puck in order to stop it .
Thompson helped to make common the technique of catching the puck as a method of making a save . He was one of the first goaltenders in the NHL to catch the puck in order to stop it .
While doing experiments in support of the textbook , he found the law of constant proportions . This law showed that inorganic compounds are made of different elements in proportion by weight .
Lu has written that he had a mystical experience in 1969 . This lead him to seek out a total of twenty-one human gurus in Taoism , Sutra , and Tantra .
Lu has written that he had a mystical experience in 1969 . This lead him to seek out a total of twenty-one human gurus in Taoism , Sutra , and Tantra .
Rowling said that the idea for the Harry Potter character came to her while waiting for a train in 1990 . Concept and creation According to author J. K. Rowling , the idea for both the Harry Potter books and the character came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990 .
Hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer . Some people see him as the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity .
A little later in 7th millennium BC , there seem to have been more goats and sheep . These most likely came from Southwest Asia [ ] .
It practice , there is a chance that a second disk will also fail before the first has been recovered . This means that data loss can occur at significant rates , in practice .
Dollhouse Although Whedon has said that he would not work with Fox again , it was announced on November 1 , 2007 that this was changed . Dollhouse first aired on February 13 , 2009 .
It was estimated to be the least used station in the entire city network . It had an average of eight passengers using it a day .
Shortly thereafter , Batista was drafted to the SmackDown brand , and Triple H opted to take time off . Cena was subsequently drafted to the Raw brand shortly after .
The group has worked to build approval in the community to support a bill that includes transgender people . It participated in redrafting the current " trans-inclusive " bill .
He was then advised to try track cycling , and he travelled regularly to Fallowfield Stadium in Manchester to compete . He won medals in the national 4000m individual pursuit discipline .
The accident raised concerns about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry . It also forced the Soviet government to become less secretive .
Platelets help blood clot . Both platelets and clotting proteins are needed to make good clots .
Platelets help blood clot . Both platelets and clotting proteins are needed to make good clots .
The 2000 census said the village had a total population of 772 . The United States Census Bureau says the village has a total area of 1.0 km ? ? 0.4 mi ? ? .
The 2000 census said the village had a total population of 772 . The United States Census Bureau says the village has a total area of 1.0 km ? ? 0.4 mi ? ? .
High school Jeter was inspired to play baseball by Hall of Famer Dave Winfield.DerekJeter.com - News In high school , Jeter was a star player at Kalamazoo Central High School . Jeter earned an All-State honorable mention while he was playing basketball also .
Quotations in italics Do not put an entire quotation in italics just because it is a quotation . Italics within quotations Use italics inside quotations if the source material does , or if you want to add emphasis .
A 56-year-old Taiwanese tourist was killed in Dujiangyan . He was trying to rescue 11 tourists trapped on the Lingyanshan Ropeway . Because of the earthquake , they had been trapped inside the cable cars .
The vlei rats in the genera Otomys and Parotomys are often placed in a separate subfamily , Otomyinae . They have been shown to be closely related to African murines in spite of their uniqueness .
The placement of the web allows different spiders to trap different insects in the same area . Flat , horizontal webs allow them to trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath , for example . Flat vertical nets allow them to trap insects in flight .
The placement of the web allows different spiders to trap different insects in the same area . Flat , horizontal webs allow them to trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath , for example . Flat vertical nets allow them to trap insects in flight .
The placement of the web allows different spiders to trap different insects in the same area . Flat , horizontal webs allow them to trap insects that fly up from vegetation underneath , for example . Flat vertical nets allow them to trap insects in flight .
It was the first in the United States . The United States Census said that Scranton had a population of 102,026 people in the year 1900 . This made it the 38th largest city in the United States .
It was the first in the United States . The United States Census said that Scranton had a population of 102,026 people in the year 1900 . This made it the 38th largest city in the United States .
It went through the Windward Islands on the 25th as a hurricane with 95 mph 140km/h winds . Upper level winds made it stay as a minimal hurricane before it got to Dominican Republic on the 27th .
The album got mostly good reviews from important music critics , with some critics saying that the album was ? ? ? fantastic , eclectic ? ? ? ,Lankford , Ronnie , Jr . One music critic called the album ? ? ? roots oriented ? ? ? .
Racing sled dogs will travel up to an average twenty miles per hour 32.2 km/h over distances up to 25 miles 40 km . Sled dogs have been known to travel over 90 miles in a 24 hour period while pulling 85 pounds each .
Because residents wanted to educate their children locally , Independent School District # 748 , Sartell-St . Stephen , was created in 1969 .
Well-preserved fossils have been found in the 400-million year old Rhynie cherts of Scotland . This may indicate that the basic structure of the harvestmen has not changed much since then .
Berliners like to give nicknames to famous buildings . They call the statue Goldelse , meaning something like " Golden Lizzy " .
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania . He hoped that the devastation would draw Fabius into battle .
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania . He hoped that the devastation would draw Fabius into battle .
On 20th April , 1792 , the Assembly voted to declare war on Austria Holy Roman Empire . Soon , Prussia joined on the Austrian side .
On 20th April , 1792 , the Assembly voted to declare war on Austria Holy Roman Empire . Soon , Prussia joined on the Austrian side .
The island lies almost directly south of Havana and Pinar del R ? ? o . Because of its superficial extension , population and for its economic characteristics , it is considered to be a Special Municipality .
Rowling has said that the Mirror of Erised chapter in Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone is her favourite . The mirror reflects Harry 's deepest desire , namely to see his dead parents .
The Count is told to return the pin which fastens the letter . When he hears the pin is Susanna 's , he is very jealous , especially as he recognises the pin to be the one that fastened the letter to the Count .
Domitian makes himself censor for life . This gives him the right to control the Senate .
In 1972 , RCTV began selling some of its shows to other countries and television stations . Today , RCTV 's shows are said to be seen in more than 60 countries and heard in more than 20 languages .
The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator . Using a freezer will allow for it to be kept a longer time .
Events of 1426 March 6 - Battle of St. James near Avranches . An English army under John , Duke of Bedford defeats the French under Arthur de Richemont , forcing the Duke of Brittany to recognize English suzerainty .
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks in walls of some buildings . The dam wall cracked , and the buildings collapsed .
Salisbury Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral located in Salisbury , Wiltshire , England . The main body was completed in only 38 years and is considered one of the leading examples of Early English architecture .
Once the plant is allowed to flower , it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds . These can be saved and planted the following year .
In August 2007 , Us Weekly said that Ledger and Williams ended their relationship . In September , 2007 , Williams ' father , Larry , told the Sydney Daily Telegraph that Ledger and Williams had separated .
The French government is against full independence . There is support on the island for to have more autonomy , but polls show that a large majority of Corsicans are opposed to full independence .
The Qur'an is created . Much of the Shi'a community also holds that the Qur'an is created , one of many theological beliefs that they share with the Mu'tazilah .
The tail seems overdeveloped and is flattened on the side , more so than other crocodiles . This enables it to achieve the excellent swimming abilities .
Italy had hoped to begin the war with a surprise attack , which was to act quickly and capture several Austrian-held cities . However , the war in Italy soon turned to trench warfare , similar to the Western Front .
Gellar found out that she needed permission from the government to take the sword out of the country . After she got permission , she said that it was incredibly difficult to do .
The fin-limbs of sarcopterygiians are very similar to what people believe was the ancestral form of tetrapod limbs . This has caused them to be believed to be the direct ancestors of tetrapods in the scientific literature .
The fin-limbs of sarcopterygiians are very similar to what people believe was the ancestral form of tetrapod limbs . This has caused them to be believed to be the direct ancestors of tetrapods in the scientific literature .
Military During many wars , including the Vietnam War and World War II , the country was neutral , meaning it did not take sides . During World War II , it sold supplies to both the British and the Germans in order to protect its neutrality .
The French under the rule of Napoleon took over Malta in 1798 . The British helped the Maltese to stop the French control two years later .
The aperture of a photographic lens is a hole that can be adjusted to different sizes . This lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor .
After four years of policy and regulatory debate and formulation , the NSE was permitted to start trading equity derivatives three days after the BSE . Being the first exchange to trade ETFs exchange traded funds in India .
On 17 October 2006 , Robson was given the all-clear . He was set to complete his contract as consultant to the Irish team .
When the characters did go off of the ship , the worlds all had Earth atmosphere and colors . They could not afford to build alien worlds .
Members of the group are radical Islamists . It looks like the members of the group are not bound by the usual Islamic religious constraints .
Considerable parts of it are still in Romanesque architecture . Nevertheless , it is widely considered to be among the finest examples of high , or late , Gothic architecture .
Internal links It is common practice to include a link to your user page or user talk page often both ; the default signature links to the user page . At least one of those two pages must be linked from your signature , to allow other editors simple access to your talk page and contributions log .
The Centre for Appropriate Technology was established in 1980 . It has a range of services to encourage and help Aboriginal people improve their quality of life on remote communities .
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Times also praised the movie . He wrote that " for all of its familiar qualities , this movie marks something of a departure for the Disney studio , and its movement is in an interesting direction .
He also said that , in the rules it says that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion . The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit went into the ring , and said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
He also said that , in the rules it says that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion . The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit went into the ring , and said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
He also said that , in the rules it says that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion . The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit went into the ring , and said that he would be fighting the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
May 10 - Tony Blair announces he will resign as British Prime Minister on June 27 triggering a Labour Party leadership election . June 27 - Tony Blair resigns as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom ; New Labour Party leader Gordon Brown is appointed Prime Minister by Queen Elizabeth II .
Madrid December 22 , 1870 was a Spanish post-romanticist writer of poetry and short stories . He is considered one of the most important figures in Spanish literature .
He soon left London . He believed that God would provide for his needs as he did his Christian work .
The United States Census Bureau says that , as of 2005 , New York had the third most people population in the United States , after California and Texas . New York 's estimated population is 19,297,729 .
He helped the country win its independence from the Netherlands . He was President from 1945 to 1967 , presiding with mixed success over the country 's turbulent transition to independence .
In the 1980s , the state government has realised that tourism is a very good industry . Since then , more money is being used to build placed for tourists and repairing colonial buildings in major cities .
In 1933 , the Nazis banned and burned Remarque 's works . In the materials , they said that he was a descendant of French Jews and that his real last name was Kramer , his original name spelled backwards .
The term spa is used for towns or resorts which offer hydrotherapy making people better with water . This can include cold water or mineral water treatments and hot thermal baths .
Doctor Stoppage---In the event that a fighter is injured via fair methods and can not continue the match , his opponent will be declared the winner . The ring doctor will be the one to determine whether the fighter can continue or not .
Doctor Stoppage---In the event that a fighter is injured via fair methods and can not continue the match , his opponent will be declared the winner . The ring doctor will be the one to determine whether the fighter can continue or not .
The simplest " eyes " are similar to those found in unicellular organisms . They do nothing but detect if the surroundings are light or dark .
After Latvia became independent from the USSR he was education minister in charge of schools from 1990 to 1993 , and finance minister in charge of money from 1994 to 1995 . He was Latvia 's ambassador to Estonia from 1995 to 1997 , and to the European Union from 1998 to 2003 , when he helped Latvia join the EU
Effort is made to betrothe Claudius to Livia Medullina Marcus Furius Camillus , Sextus Nonius Quinctilianus , suff . Lucius Apronius become Roman Consuls .
A young ship builder from Liverpool named Jude played by Jim Sturgess travels by ship to the United States in search of his American G.I. father called Wes Played by Robert Clohessy . They have never met and his father does not know Jude exists .
Orton dominated the match for some time . One hightlight of the match featured Orton performing a crossbody from the top rope on Cena , while the latter was held on Triple H 's shoulders in an electric chair position .
The letters are written properly in capital letters . The word ZIP was chosen to suggest that the mail travels more efficiently , and more quickly , when senders use it .
Her boyfriend 's mother , Dolores Spaliviero , offered to pay a $ 200,000 bail to set Lindstr ? ? m free . Her friend and boss , Justin Hemmes provided an undertaking that if Lindstr ? ? m was set free on bail , he would let her continue her work at the Hemmesphere nightclub until trial .
Her boyfriend 's mother , Dolores Spaliviero , offered to pay a $ 200,000 bail to set Lindstr ? ? m free . Her friend and boss , Justin Hemmes provided an undertaking that if Lindstr ? ? m was set free on bail , he would let her continue her work at the Hemmesphere nightclub until trial .
Danny Heffernan played by Gary Valentine : Danny Heffernan is Doug 's cousin . He is also seen hanging out with Doug , Spence , and Deacon .
The missile was originally given the military designation " XB-65 " , thus making it a bomber ; from 1955 it was redesignated " SM-65 " and , from 1962 , it became " CGM-16 " . This letter " C " stood for " coffin " or " Container " , because the rocket was stored in a semi-hardened container ; it was prepared for launch by being raised ...
The culture and architecture of Teotihuac ? ? n was also influenced by the Olmec people . They are considered to be the " mother civilization " of Mesoamerica .
Moths have larger scales on their wings . These make them look more dense and fluffy .
The following year the High Court of Australia ruled that the government could not buy Oceania House . Instead the Australian government ordered that no government business was to be given to his shipping company , an action which contributed to his bankruptcy .
The following year the High Court of Australia ruled that the government could not buy Oceania House . Instead the Australian government ordered that no government business was to be given to his shipping company , an action which contributed to his bankruptcy .
This is because the water in a swimming pool is usually colored cyan from having chlorine bleach added to it . The tiles of a swimming pool are often colored cyan , which makes the cyan color of the water in a swimming pool even more intense .
In the episode " Out of Gas " , it is shown that she has no formal training . She keeps Serenity running with an intuitive gift for the workings of mechanical equipment .
In Germany and Poland Sorbs do not use the old fashioned words " Wends " or " Wendish " to describe themselves . American and Australian communities often prefer to call themselves " Wends " or " Wendish " .
Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , and Artemis are always considered to be Olympians . Hebe , Helios , Hestia , Demeter , Dionysus , Hades , and Persephone are the gods who have sometimes been Olympians .
The term " chocolate " then came to mean solid chocolate , instead of hot chocolate . The words " hot chocolate " and " hot cocoa " are sometimes used instead of each other , but there is actually a difference between the two .
In some countries counselling , accommodation and specialist care exists to help trafficked people escape . In other countries , this support is lacking and individuals are often treated as illegal immigrants and deported .
In some countries counselling , accommodation and specialist care exists to help trafficked people escape . In other countries , this support is lacking and individuals are often treated as illegal immigrants and deported .
In World War I , the Netherlands did not fight . The Dutch wanted to stay neutral in World War II as well , but in 1940 the country was invaded and occupied by Germany .
Aragorn decides to take to the Paths of the Dead . Aragorn , Legolas , Gimli , and the Grey Company go to Edoras , Dunharrow , and through the Paths of the Dead through the White Mountains .
Career Chase wanted to perform from a very early age . She began singing and dancing in her hometown at events and shows .
The video games say that Charizard 's wings can bring it to 4,600 feet in the sky . Pok ? ? dex : Its wings can carry this Pok ? ? mon close to an altitude of 4,600 feet .
He is the son of Odin and Jord . Family Thor was believed to be the son of Odin Wotan or Woden and the giantess J ? ? rd Jord , the Earth .
