passive:
Thread 1:
O: Al-Buredi, a former graduate assistant of Ja'afar Dhia Ja'afar, famed Saddam Hussein io-weapons expert, is believed to be an Adhamiya resident. 
M: Al-Buredi is believed to be an Adhamiya resident. 
S: We believe that Al-Buredi is an Adhamiya resident.

O+M: Khrayesh was instructed to arrive at 0900hrs to sit at the table closest to the street.
S: They instructed Khrayesh to arrive at 0900hrs to sit at the table closest to the street.

O: Surveillance of the café revealed two men on a motor bike approached the café along Ali Taleb Street and were observed fumbling with a backpack. 
M: Two men on a motor bike were observed fumbling with a backpack. 
S: We observed two men on a motor bike fumbling with a backpack.

O+M: Detainees Al-Sabah and Mandari are informed that they will be turned over to their government for repatriation due to their lack of cooperation.
S: We informed detainees Al-Sabah and Mandari that they will be turned over to their government for repatriation due to their lack of cooperation.

O+M: Owner of the café in Antar Internet Café has been identified as Kaleed Dahr. 
S: We identified owner of the café in Antar Internet Café as Kaleed Dahr.

O+M: The e-mail sent by Hassan Al-Buredi‘s account was traced to an IP address matching an Internet Café near Maidan Square.
S: We traced the e-mail sent by Hassan Al-Buredi‘s account to an IP address matching an Internet Café near Maidan Square.

O: They discover that all of the packing boxes have been opened and that each computer has had its case opened and tampered with.  
M: All of the packing boxes have been opened.
   Each computer has had its case opened and tampered with.  
S: They have opened all of the packing boxes.
   They have opened and tampered with each computer's case.

O: He is met by an irate Dahr who says they are worthless, I’m losing money instead of making it.
M: He is met by an irate Dahr who says they are worthless.
S: An irate Dahr who says they are worthless meets him.

O: BCT assets are tasked to monitor the probable locations for the rendezvous between Omar Khrayesh and bio-weapons expert Hassan Al-Buredi:  Iraqi Oil Ministry Building //MGRSCOORD: 38S MB 4420 9020// and the Shaikh Omar Tomb //MGRSCOORD: 38S MB 4450 8965//, from 04/15/10-04/18/10.
M: BCT assets are tasked to monitor the probable locations for the rendezvous between Omar Khrayesh and bio-weapons expert Hassan Al-Buredi:
S: We tasked BCT assets to monitor the probable locations for the rendezvous between Omar Khrayesh and bio-weapons expert Hassan Al-Buredi:

O: MNC-I counter intelligence asset is directed to proceed to the Antar Café to pose as a customer in order to determine if Wajeeh Al-Mutadee is present.
S: We directed MNC-I counter intelligence asset to proceed to the Antar Café to pose as a customer in order to determine if Wajeeh Al-Mutadee is present.

O: Suspect captured by MNC-I on 04/21/10 in Adhamiya is confirmed to be Wajeeh Al-Mutadee.
S: We confirm that suspect captured by MNC-I on 04/21/10 in Adhamiya is Wajeeh Al-Mutadee.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
reported speech:
Thread 1:
O: Al-Buredi, a former graduate assistant of Ja'afar Dhia Ja'afar, famed Saddam Hussein io-weapons expert, is believed to be an Adhamiya resident. 
M: Al-Buredi is believed to be an Adhamiya resident. 
S: Belief(?): Al-Buredi is an Adhamiya resident.

O: Khrayesh tells various shop-owners he is trying to re-connect with Al-Buredi, whom he knew during his graduate days at al-Mustansiriyia University. 
M: Khrayesh tells various shop-owners he is trying to re-connect with Al-Buredi.
S: tells(Khrayesh -> various shop-owners): Khrayesh is trying to re-connect with Al-Buredi.

O+M: Khrayesh says that he has a possible business opportunity for Al-Buredi. 
S: say(Khrayesh): Khrayesh has a possible business opportunity for Al-Buredi. 

O+M: however the e-mail suggested a meeting with Khrayesh at a café on Ali Taleb Street in Adhamiya on 02/03/10.
S: suggest(e-mail): there will be a meeting with Khrayesh at a café on Ali Taleb Street in Adhamiya on 02/03/10.

O: Once their interviewers revealed to them that their names and nationalities were already known, they relented and confirmed their identities as Ramses Al-Sabah and Nagib Mandari.  
M: Once their interviewers revealed to them that their names and nationalities were already known, they confirmed their identities as Ramses Al-Sabah and Nagib Mandari.  
S: reveal(their interviewers): their names and nationalities were already known
   confirm(they): their identities are Ramses Al-Sabah and Nagib Mandari.

O+M: Neither man admits to being the “sender” of an email to Omar Khrayesh
S: not admit(neither man): Neither man is the “sender” of an email to Omar Khrayesh

O+M: Detainees Al-Sabah and Mandari are informed that they will be turned over to their government for repatriation due to their lack of cooperation.
S: inform: Detainees Al-Sabah and Mandari will be turned over to their government for repatriation due to their lack of cooperation.


O+M: Foreign nationals, Ramses Al-Sabah and Nagib Mandari, state that their contact for the moped mission was Wajeeh Al-Mutadee. 
S: state(Foreign nationals, Ramses Al-Sabah and Nagib Mandari): The contact for the moped mission of foreign nationals Ramses Al-Sabah and Nagib Mandari was Wajeeh Al-Mutadee. 

O: Sabah and Mandari both claim they never intended to be suicide bombers; their intent was to throw the satchel charge into the café, and then escape on the moped. 
M: Sabah and Mandari both claim they never intended to be suicide bombers;
S: claim(Sabah and Mandari): Sabah and Mandari never intended to be suicide bombers;

O+M: Al-Hardi cited growing business opportunities in Iraq given the fact that, “the war will soon be over.”  
S: cite(Al-Hardi): there will be growing business opportunities in Iraq given the fact that, “the war will soon be over.” 

O+M: Al-Hardi reports that the owner appeared apprehensive so he did not press him
S: report(Al-Hardi): The owner appeared apprehensive so he did not press him

O: According to the Iraqi National Police (INP), Dahr was loyal follower of the former Ba’athists and is now a tacit supporter of the local Sunni militia operating in Adhamiya.
M: According to the Iraqi National Police (INP), Dahr was loyal follower of the former Ba’athists.
S: say(Iraqi National Police (INP)): Dahr is loyal follower of the former Ba’athists.

O+M: He says the war is over soon and people will be back on the streets."
S: say(he): The war is over soon and people will be back on the streets.

O: He claims he is only interested in a prosperous Iraq; he talks as it the café were already his.” 
M: He claims he is only interested in a prosperous Iraq;
S: claim(he): He is only interested in a prosperous Iraq;

O: The front company, “Iraqi-Net Computer Store” which delivered the computers instructed the owner that the installation technicians will come by tomorrow after morning prayers to help set up the new equipment.
M: The front company instructed the owner that the installation technicians will come by tomorrow after morning prayers to help set up the new equipment.
S: instruct(the front company): The installation technicians will come by tomorrow after morning prayers to help set up the new equipment.

O+M: The manager says he will have someone there tomorrow morning to work on the computers.
S: say(the manager): The manager will have someone there tomorrow morning to work on the computers.

O: Al-Hardi insists he can fix the problem but he will need an operational computer.
M: Al-Hardi insists he can fix the problem.
S: insist(Al-Hardi): Al-Hardi can fix the problem.

O: Dahr offers al-Hardi use of his personal office computer and takes him to a back office where there are two computers on an independent server
M: Dahr offers al-Hardi use of his personal office computer
S: offer(Dahr): Al-Hardi can use Dahr's personal office computer

O+M: Analysis of data recovered from the computers and server at the Antar Internet Café on 03/23/10 confirms that the “old back room” computer is the source of the original email to Omar Khrayesh received on 02/01/10.
S: confirm(Analysis of data recovered from the computers and server at the Antar Internet Café on 03/23/10): The “old back room” computer is the source of the original email to Omar Khrayesh received on 02/01/10.

O+M: The email indicated that the meeting would have to take place in four days.
S: indicate(email): The meeting will have to take place in four days.

O: Omar Khrayesh e-mails a reply to Al-Buredi saying a meeting on 04/06/10 will work fine and suggests they meet at their alma mater, the Mustansiriyia University.
M: Omar Khrayesh e-mails a reply to Al-Buredi saying a meeting on 04/06/10 will work fine.
   Omar Khrayesh suggests to Al-Buredi  that they meet at their alma mater, the Mustansiriyia University.
S: email(Omar Khrayesh): a meeting on 04/06/10 will work fine.
   suggest(Omar Khrayesh): Omar Khrayesh and Al-Buredi should meet at their alma mater, the Mustansiriyia University.

O+M: Comparisons of the time stamp on the keystroke logger with the IP tracers at the café reveal that the phrase was not a component of any outgoing email.
S: reveal(omparisons of the time stamp on the keystroke logger with the IP tracers at the café): The phrase was not a component of any outgoing email.

O: BCT computer network analysts monitoring e-mail traffic conclude the messages recorded by keystroke logger at the Antar Internet Café on 04/03/10 and 04/04/10 were likely “draft emails” that were written but never sent.
S: conclude(BCT computer network analysts monitoring e-mail traffic): The messages recorded by keystroke logger at the Antar Internet Café on 04/03/10 and 04/04/10 are likely “draft emails” that were written but never sent.

O: Computer analysts concluded that without IP tracer data the “draft” messages were communications between accomplices sharing the e-mail account log-in and password.  
S: conclude(Computer analysts): Without IP tracer data the “draft” messages are communications between accomplices sharing the e-mail account log-in and password. 

O: BCT computer network analysts monitoring e-mail traffic via keystroke logger at Antar internet café indicate a gap in the “draft” messages sent on 04/03/10 and 04/04/10, respectively; 
S: indicate(BCT computer network analysts monitoring e-mail traffic via keystroke logger at Antar internet café): There is a gap in the “draft” messages sent on 04/03/10 and 04/04/10, respectively.

O: indicating one of the users is most likely communicating from outside the café.
S: indicate: One of the users is most likely communicating from outside the café.

O: Email from Hassan Al-Buredi to Omar Khrayesh, indicates that Al-Buredi will be at the Oil Ministry Building //MGRSCOORD: 38S MB 4420 9020// in East Baghdad on 04/17/10, but is not free until 1300 hrs.
M: Email from Hassan Al-Buredi to Omar Khrayesh, indicates that Al-Buredi will be at the Oil Ministry Building  in East Baghdad on 04/17/10.
S: indicate(Email from Hassan Al-Buredi): Al-Buredi will be at the Oil Ministry Building  in East Baghdad on 04/17/10.

O: Khrayesh instructs Al-Buredi to call him on his cell phone number when his meeting is finished; a car will pick him up.
M: Khrayesh instructs Al-Buredi to call him on his cell phone number when his meeting is finished;
S: instruct(Khrayesh): Al-Buredi should call Khrayesh on his cell phone number when his meeting is finished;

O: BCT computer network analysis confirms email received by Omar Khrayesh on 04/15/10 originated from Antar Internet Café in Adhamiya.
M: BCT computer network analysis confirms email originated from Antar Internet Café in Adhamiya.
S: confirm(BCT computer network analysis): The email originated from Antar Internet Café in Adhamiya.

O: BCT counter surveillance team suspects man posing as Hassan Al-Buredi is probable suicide bomber and call for mission abort. 
M: BCT counter surveillance team suspects man posing as Hassan Al-Buredi is probable suicide bomber.
S: suspect(BCT counter surveillance team): Man posing as Hassan Al-Buredi is probable suicide bomber. 

O: BCT communications analysts report that a cell phone call was recorded just prior to bombing at Shaikh Omar Tomb from unidentified male (7529508702) RT:  1304hrs, vicinity of the Shaikh Omar Tomb //MGRSCOORD: 38S MB 4450 8965//,to unidentified male (7515762078). 
M: BCT communications analysts report that a cell phone call was recorded just prior to bombing at Shaikh Omar Tomb from unidentified male (7529508702) RT:
S: report(BCT communications analysts): A cell phone call was recorded just prior to bombing at Shaikh Omar Tomb from unidentified male (7529508702) RT:

O: SOF member posing as a customer at Antar Internet Café confirms the presence of a man matching the description of Wajeeh Al-Mutadee; and that the target is talking with the owner.
M: SOF member posing as a customer at Antar Internet Café confirms the presence of a man matching the description of Wajeeh Al-Mutadee;
confirm(OF member posing as a customer at Antar Internet Café): A man matching the description of Wajeeh Al-Mutadee is there.

O: Suspect captured by MNC-I on 04/21/10 in Adhamiya is confirmed to be Wajeeh Al-Mutadee.
S: confirm: Suspect captured by MNC-I on 04/21/10 in Adhamiya is Wajeeh Al-Mutadee.
