In the 17th century the Empire was shattered by the Thirty Years' War.
In the 17th century the Thirty Years' War shattered the Empire.

The metric system was invented by French scientists during the French revolution.
French scientists invented the metric system during the French revolution.

The rest of the city was captured by Canadian forces during Operation Atlantic.
Canadian forces captured the rest of the city during Operation Atlantic.

The Suez Canal was built by the Universal Suez Ship Canal Company.
The Universal Suez Ship Canal Company built the Suez canal.

Penicillin was discovered by Scottish scientist Sir Alexander Fleming in 1928.
Scottish scientist Sir Alexander Fleming discovered Penicillin in 1928.

Major politicians were chosen by political machines.
Political machines chose major politicians.

They were symbolized by a character called "Rosie the Riveter".
A character called "Rosie the Riveter" symbolized them.

The canoe is propelled by the use of paddles.
The use of paddles propels the canoe.

A computer program is written by a programmer. 
A programmer writes a computer program.

One of the first examples of this was built by Hero of Alexandria.
Hero of Alexandria built one of the first examples of this.

The first popular non-IBM video cards were manufactured by a company called Hercules Computer Technology, Inc. 
A company called Hercules Computer Technology, Inc. manufactured the first popular non-IBM video cards.

Democritus was proved right by physicist John Dalton in 1804.
Physicist John Dalton proved Democritus right in 1804.

Barbara Bush was portrayed by Ellen Burstyn in the 2008 film W.
Ellen Burstyn portrayed Barbara Bush in the 2008 film W.

A lot of south Florida used to be covered by a swamp called the Everglades. 
A swamp called the Everglades used to cover a lot of south Florida.

Australia was colonised by people from Britain.
People from Britain colonised Australia.

In 1911, the Republic of China was founded by Sun Yat-sen.
In 1911, Sun Yat-sen founded the Republic of China.

New York City was settled by Europeans from The Netherlands in 1624.
Europeans from The Netherlands settled New York City in 1624.

Shortly after, Manhattan was greatly damaged by the Great Fire of New York in 1776.
Shortly after, the Great Fire of New York greatly damaged Manhattan in 1776.

In 1903, a bronze tablet that bears the text of "The New Colossus" and commemorates Emma Lazarus was presented by friends of the poet.
In 1903, friends of the poet presented a bronze tablet that bears the text of "The New Colossus" and commemorates Emma Lazarus.

Some cars in the early 20th century were powered by electricity.
Electricity powered some cars in the early 20th century.

In the 30s, 70s and 90s the Underground was bombed many times by the IRA.
In the 30s, 70s and 90s the IRA bombed the Underground many times.

Important issues are decided by the Federation President.
The Federation President decides important issues.

Omega 3 and omega 6 fats are needed by the body.
The body needs omega 3 and omega 6 fats.

The Vedas are considered scripture by all Hindus.
All Hindus consider the Vedas scripture.

In the Anglican church, bishops are governed by Archbishops.
In the Anglican church, Archbishops govern bishops.

On July 25, 1943, Mussolini was removed by the Great Council of Fascism.
On July 25, 1943, the Great Council of Fascism removed Mussolini.

Parliament was chosen by only a few percent of the people.
Only a few percent of the people chose Parliament.

They are produced by a process called meiosis.
A process called meiosis produces them.

Lane-Clayton's study was published by the British Ministry of Health.
The British Ministry of Health published Lane-Clayton's study.

Mathematics itself is seen as a language by many.
Many see mathematics itself as a language.

On March 1, 1978, his body was stolen by a small group of Swiss people.
On March 1, 1978, a small group of Swiss people stole his body.

About 71% of the surface of the Earth is covered by oceans. 
Oceans cover about 71% of the surface of the Earth.
